
"Yeah, Gangsta Dresta done stepped in this, motherfucker. And this one goes out to all the O.G.'s out there. And I can't forget the baby gangstas, what's up, niggas? My nigga they came back with some of that old school original west coast shit, nigga. That got all of y'all on his dick in the first place, yeah. So run that shit, E, yeah."

Cruisin' down the street in my '64
Jockin' the freaks, clockin' the dough
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shooting some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rolling Kilo G
He rolls down his window and he started to say
It's all about making that GTA

Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talking that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowing nothing in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, cause I ain't said shit

Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said, "My man JD is on freebase"
The boy JD was a friend of mine
'Til I caught him in my car trying to steal a Alpine
Chased him up the street to call a truce
The silly cluck-head pulls out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know, I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times front page

Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talking that trash we'll pull your card
Knowing nothing in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, cause I ain't said shit

Bored as fuck and I wanna get ill
So I went to a place where my homeboys chill
Niggas out there making that dollar
I pulled up in my '64 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I start drinking
And from the 8-ball my breath start stinking
Left to get my girl to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb ho said something that made me mad
She said something that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy ass weave
She started talking shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp, slapped the ho
Her father jumped up and he started to shout
So I bombed on pops, knocked his ol' ass out

Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talking that trash we'll pull your card
Knowing nothing in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, cause I ain't said shit

Now I'm rolling hard, now under control
Then wrapped the '64 'round a telephone pole
I looked at my car and I said, "Oh, brother
Throw it in the gutter and go buy another"
Walking home and I see the G ride
Now Kat is drivin Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
A undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Now Kat got beat for resisting arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin' his Guess
Now G is caught for doing the crime
Fourth offense on the boy, he'll do some time

Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talking that trash we'll pull your card
Knowing nothing in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, cause I ain't said shit

I went to get them out, but there was no bail
My niggas caused a riot in the county jail
Two days later in municipal court
Kilo G on trial straight cut a fart
Disruption of a court, said the judge
On a six-year sentence, my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out, "Fire," then came Suzy
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the girl, but didn't hurt her
Both upstate for attempted murder

Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talking that trash we'll pull your card
Knowing nothing in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, cause I ain't said shit
Compton, Compton, Compton
Ahh, real muthaphuckkin G's
Ahh, real muthaphuckkin G's
Ahh, real muthaphuckkin G's
Ahh, real muthaphuckkin G's

Hey yo, Doctor, here's another proper track
And it's phat, watch the sniper, time to pay the piper
And let that real shit provoke
See, you's a wannabe 'loc, and you'll get smoked, and I hope
That your fans understand when you talk about sprayin' me
The same records that you makin' is payin' me
Motherfuck Dre! Motherfuck Snoop! Motherfuck Death Row!
Yo, and here comes my left blow
'Cause I'm the E-A-Z-Y-E and this is the season
To let the real motherfuckin' G's in
You're like a kid, you found a pup, and now you're dapper
But tell me, where the fuck you found an anorexic rapper?
Talkin' 'bout who you gon' squabble with and who you shoot
You're only sixty pounds when you're wet and wearin' boots
(Damn, E, they tried to fade you on Dre Day)
But Dre Day only meant Eazy's payday
All of a sudden Dr. Dre is the G Thang
But on his old album cover he was a she-thang
So, nigga please, nigga please
Don't step to these muthaphuckkin' real G's

Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am Ruthless
Yo, Dre! (What's up?)
Boy, you should've known by now

Every day it's a new rapper claimin' to be dapper than the Dresta
Softer than a bitch but portray the role of gangsta
Ain't broke a law in your life
Yet every time you rap you yap about the guns and knife
Just take a good look at the nigga and you'll capture
The fact that the bastard is simply just an actor
Who mastered the bang and the slang and the mental
Of niggas in Compton, Watts, and South Central
Never ever once have you ran with the turf
But yet in every verse claim you used to do the dirt
But tell me, who's a witness to your fuckin' work?
So you never had no bid'ness, so save the drama, jerk!
Niggas straight kill me, knowin' that they pranksters
This is goin' out to you studio gangstas
See, I did dirt, put in work, and many niggas can vouch that
So since I got stripes, I got the right to rap about that
But niggas like you, I gotta hate ya
'Cause I'm just tired of suburbia niggas
Talkin' about they come from projects
Knowin' you ain't seen the parts of the streets, G
Think you started tryna bang around the time of the peace treaty
Wearin' khakis and mob while you rhyme
Little fag tried to sag, but you're floodin' at the same time
And your set don't accept ya; scared to kick it with your homies
'Cause you know they don't respect ya
So, nigga please, check nuts
Before you step to these muthaphuckkin' real G's

Well, it's the Knocc Out, definition "Original baby gangsta"
Approach me like you hard, motherfucker, I'ma bank ya
Shank ya, with my fuckin' shank, if I have to
Dr. Dre and Snoop Doggy Dogg are fuckin' actors
Pranksters, studio gangstas, busters
But this time you're dealin' with some real motherfuckers
G's, nigga please, don't try to step
'Cause if you do, then a pealed cap is all that would be left
See, young niggas like me will break you off somethin'
Claimin' my city — but Dre, you ain't from Compton
Niggas like y'all is what I call wannabes
And ain't shit compared to real muthaphuckkin' G's

Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am Ruthless
Yo, Dre! (What's up?)
Boy, you should've known by now

I never met a O.G. who never did shit wrong
You tried to diss the Eazy-E, so now, nigga, it's on
You and your Doggy Dogg think that y'all hoggin' shit
Both of you bitches can come and suck my Doggy dick
Beatin' up a bitch don't make you shit, but then again
Some niggas think it makes a man
Damn, it's a trip how a nigga could switch so quick
From wearin' lipstick to smokin' on chronic at picnics
And now you think you're bigger
But to me you ain't nothin' but a bitch-ass nigga
That ain't worth a food stamp
And at Death Row, I hear you gettin' treated like boot camp
Gotta follow your sergeant's directions
Or get your ass pumped with the Smith & Wesson
Learn a lesson from the Eaze
Stay in your place and don't step to real muthaphuckkin' G's

Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am Ruthless
Yo, Dre! (What's up?)
Boy, you should've known by now
Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am Ruthless
Yo, Dre! (What's up?)
Boy, you should've known by now
Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am Ruthless
Yo, Dre! (What's up?)
Boy, you should've known by now: Eazy Duz It
Cruisin' down the street in my 6-4
Jockin' the freaks, clockin' the dough
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckle-heads out there cold-shootin' some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rollin' Kilo G
He rolled down his window and he started to say
It's all about makin' that GTA

'Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit

Yo, man!
Get the fuck out!
Pump that bass!
Mothafucker, say what?

Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man JD is on freebase
The boy JD was a friend of mine
'Til I caught him in my car tryin' to steal an Alpine
Chased him up the streets to call a truce
The silly cluckhead pulls out a deuce deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12-gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times front page

'Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit

Yo, Leroy!
Beer drinkin', breath stinkin', sniffin' glue

Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a place where my homeboys chill
The fellas out there makin' that dollar
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I started drinkin'
And from the 8-ball my breath started stinkin'
Left to get my girl to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb ho said somethin' that made me mad
She said somethin' that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy-ass weave
She started talkin' shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp, slapped the ho
Her father jumped up and he started to shout
So I threw a right cross, cold-knocked him out

'Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit

Who do you think you are, Mr. big stuff?
Rock this mothafucker like Three the Hard Way

I'm rollin' hard, now I'm under control
Then wrapped my 6-4 around a telephone pole
I looked at my car and I said "Oh, brother."
I throw it in the gutter, and go buy another
Walkin' home, I see the G ride
Now Cat is drivin', Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
An undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Cat got beat for resistin' arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin' his Guess
Now G is caught for doin' the crime
Fourth offense on the boy he'll do some time

'Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit

L.A. playa
Big Drum Beater

I went to get them out, but there was no bail
The fellas causin' a riot in the county jail
Two days later in the municipal court
Kilo G on trial cold cut a fart
"Disruption of the court," said the judge
On a six-year sentence, my man didn't budge
Baliff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out "Fire!", then came Suzy
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the girl but didn't hurt her
Both upstate for attempted murder

'Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talkin' the trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life, but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit

Get busy, y'all!
Aw
You mothafucker!
Dr. Dre: Hey, yo, remember that shit Eazy did a while back?
Motherfuckers said it wasn't gonna work.
Ice Cube: That crazy shit?
Dr. Dre:  Yeah, the stupid shit, man.
MC Ren:  That shit was dope.
Dr. Dre:  Hey yo, Eazy!
Eazy-E: Wassup?
Dr. Dre: Hey man, why don't you come off the piano for a minute and bust this crazy shit?

Woke up quick at about noon
Just thought that I had to be in Compton soon
I gotta get drunk before the day begins
Before my mother starts bitchin' about my friends
About to go and damn near went blind
Young niggas at the pad, throwin' up gang signs
Ran in the house and grabbed my clip
With the MAC-10 on the side of my hip
Bailed outside and pointed my weapon
Just as I thought, the fools kept steppin'
Jumped in the fo', hit the juice on my ride
I got front and back and side to side
Then I let the Alpine play
Bumpin' new shit by N.W.A
It was "Gangsta Gangsta" at the top of the list
Then I played my old shit, it went somethin' like this
Cruisin' down the street in my six-fo'
Jockin' the bitches, slappin' the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there, cold-shootin' some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rollin', Kilo G
He rolled down his window and he started to say
It's all about makin' that GTA

'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
Yo, man!
Get the fuck out!
Pump that beat!
Mothafucka, say what?

Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man J.D. is on freebase
The boy J.D. was a friend of mine
'Til I caught him in my car, tryin' to steal my Alpine
Chase him up the street to call a truce
The silly motherfucker pulls out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12-gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times front page

'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
Yo, Leroy!
Beer drinkin', breath stinkin', sniffin' glue

Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a spot where my homeboys chill
The fellas out there makin' that dollar
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I start drinkin'
And from the 8-ball my breath starts stinkin'
Left to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb ho said somethin' that made me mad
She said somethin' that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy-ass weave
She started talkin' shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp, slapped the ho
Her father jumped up and he started to shout
So I threw a right cross and knocked his old ass out

'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
Who do you think you are, Mr. Big Stuff?
Rock mothafucka, like the hard three the hard way

I'm rollin' hard, now I'm under control
Then wrapped the six-fo' round a telephone pole
I looked at my car and I said, "Oh, brother
I'll throw it in the gutter and go buy another."
Walkin' home and I see the G ride
Now Cat is drivin' Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
An undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Cat got beaten for resistin' arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin' his Guess
Now G is caught for doin' the crime
Fourth offense on the boy, he'll do some time

'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
L.A. playa
Big Drum beater

I went to get them out, but there was no bail
The fellas caused a riot in the county jail
Two days later in municipal court
Kilo G on trial cold cut a fart
"Disruption of the court," said the judge
On a six-year sentence, my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out "Fire!", then came Suzy
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the bitch but didn't hurt her
Both upstate for attempted murder

'Cause the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
Yeah, I kicked a little ass
But that was a blast from the past, mothafucka
Get busy, y'all y'all y'all y'all!
Yeah, let's take a trip
Just sit back and light a spliff with this and don't slip
On a funky-dope track, jump back
Strapped with a fat buddah sack in a 7-8 'Lac
Go clean, gangsta lean, I got green
Bud, I serve dubs like it ain't no thing
It's so sweet, when you got money to spend
I got a proper big tilt and a fabec Benz
I make ends, spend my dough on no ho
That's how it is, and that's how it goes
Act like you know when I creep real slow
Givin' love to them playas that I know is real G's

Mobbin' like a motherfucker, stuck
Can you put your middle finger out the window?
Gettin' fucked off liquor
Get loaded, can't control it
Nigga, pass me the blunt and let me roll it
You get the bones act to the whole stack
Keep your dough fat

Or you might get what we call the rat pack
I gives a damn 'bout a skanless trick
Let me hit it one time and trick that sick
I don't trip, gives my dough to no ho
That's how it is, I got no love for you

And jealous mothafuckas can't see
That it's the fame that caught these stupid bitches
Pass the pussy free
So, tell me, why you sweatin' a mothafucka like me?
A young nigga tryin' to a hustle up some G's
You pussy-ass, playa-hatin' hoes
Speakin' down on niggas, jumpin' around at the shows
And you're the first mothafucka to jump
To the trunk when it's time for funk, little trick-ass punk

Dump dump on fools with a quickness
And they got no cure for this sickness
I get paid for the way that I kick this
Like a G-ster, an OG-ster
(Who's that?) A real playa named Eazy
And I live my life straight crazy
Don't need no punk fools payin' me
And broke groupies and hootchies don't faze me
I take two steps back and release myself
To put platinum and gold on the record shelf
I don't brag, but I do it like a straight up is
Before you do a record, partna, handle your business

And tell me, what does it take to be a G?
I started with a quarter ounce and bounced to a key
You gotta watch your back, stay strapped, be alert
Started as a young mothafucka doin' dirt
And now I'm in the rap game
Like the crack game, I got enemies
Can't pretend to see my friends are not my enemies
And even thug mothafuckas wanna have fun
Stuck it, buckin' my mothafuckin' Magnum
What does it take to be a G?
Silence is a must, violence is a plus
Plus, shots at my adversaries
Them niggas scary, best it's time to be buried
‘Cause I'll be buckin' in a fuckin' hurry

They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why you don't fuck with thugs
You wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us (You know)
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why you don't fuck with thugs
You wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us

Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
Stop trippin' on me!
Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
He was once a thug from around the way
Eazy, but you should
Bitch shut the fuck up, get the fuck out of here
Yo, Dre (What's up?) give me a funky ass bassline

What the fuck is up?
In the place to be
Coming on the mic is Eazy-mothafuckin-E
Dre is on the beat, Yella's on the cut
So listen up close while we rip shit up

Well I'm Eazy-E, I got bitches galore
You may have a lot of bitches but I got much more
Wit my super duper group coming out the chute
Eazy-E, motherfuckers, cold knocking the boots
'Cause I'm a hip-hop thugster - I used to be a mugster
If you heard (Dopeman), you think I own a drugstore
Getting stupid because I know how
And if a sucker talks shit, I give him a (POW)
8 ball sipping, the bitches are flipping
Slow down, I hit a dip and, continue my tripping
Hitting my switches, collect from my bitches
The money that I make so I can add to my riches
Fill my stash box and start rubbing my gat
Feeling good as hell because my pockets are fat
A hardcore villian cold roaming the streets
And wit a homie like Dre just supplying the beats

Because I'm a gangsta having fun
Never leave the pad without packing a gun
Hitting hard as fuck, I make you ask what was it
Boy, you should have known by now, Eazy-Duz-It

("I was") ("knocking muthafuckas out")
("What's your name, boy?")
("Funky, fresh Eazy-E")
("Kick, kick that shit")
("Where you from fool?") ("Compton") ("Yeah!")

Rolling through the hood, cold tearing shit up
Stick my head out the window and I say what's up
To the niggas on the corner cold bumping the box
But you know that's an alibi for slanging the rocks
A dice game started so I said what the fuck
So I put my shit in park and had to try my luck
Hard to roll wit my bitch jocking 24-7
Rolled them muthafuckas, ate 'em up, hit 11
Got another point, I made a ten a fo'
Was taking niggas money and was itching for mo'
Laughing in their faces and said you're all making me rich
Till one punk got jealous, cold slap my bitch
He pulled out his gat, I knew he wouldn't last
So I said to myself, homeboy, you better think fast
He shot (gunshots), Then I shot (gunshots)
As you can see, I cold smoked his ass (ha ha)

Because I'm a gangsta having fun
Never leave the pad without packing a gun
Hitting hard as fuck, I make you ask what was it
Boy you should have known by now, Eazy-Duz-It

Wait a minute, wait a minute, who does it
Muthafuckin' Eazy does it
(But how does he do it)
"Eazy duz it, do it eazy, that's what I'm doing"
("Stop!") (Man, whatcha gonna do now?)

Now I'ma break it down just to tell a little story
Straight out the box from the gangsta category
About a sucker, a sucker muthafucka
He's addicted, he's a smoker but in Compton called a clucker
He used to have a house car and golden rings
But the cooky cooky crack took all those things
He must of been starving 'cause he broke in my house
Caught the nigga on the street and straight took his ass out
Now I'm wanted for a murder that I had to commit
Yeah I went to jail but that wasn't shit
Got to the station about a quarter of nine
Call my bitch to get me out 'cause I was down for mine
The bitch was a trip cold hung up the phone
Now my only phone call was in the ganking zone
All the SHIT I did for her like keeping her rich
I swear when I get out, I'm gonna kill the bitch
Well by now you should know it was just my luck
The bailiff of the station was a neighborhood cluck
I looked him straight in the eye and said what's up
And said let's make a deal, you know I'll do you up
Now back on the streets and my records are clean
I creeped on my bitch wit my Uzi machine
Went to the house and kicked down the do'
Unloaded like hell, cold smoked the ho

Because I'm a gangsta having fun
Never leave the pad without packing a gun
Hitting hard as fuck, I make you ask what was it
Boy, you should have known by now, Eazy-Duz-It

From around the way, born in '73
Harcore B-boy named Eazy-E
It's '88 now, '73's obsolete
A nigga with a serious ass attitude and a hundred percent street
And if you all wanna hear some more...
In one way or the other, I'm a bad brother
Word to the muthafucka
Today's a good day to die (screaming)

Bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay
Suck on these nuts, nigga, suck on these nuts
I tell 'em bow-wow-wow yippie-yo yippie-yay
Suck on these nuts, nigga, suck on these nuts
It ain't nuthin' but Eazy baby
He'll smoke two niggas cause they crazy
Talk a gang of shit but it dont phase me
That punk nigga Dre still pays me

Well, if it's on motherfucker then it's on, G
Now if it's on motherfucker then it's on, G
Hey mister prankster prankster
Story book gangsta
Back in '86 you wore pumps and mascara
Down with the motherfuckin' Wreckin Cru, bitch
But once a bitch, always a bitch and now the fuckin' switch
Fag, with stethescope now you sag
Body slammin' bitches make Dre a bigger man
Khaki sportin' loc's in a G ride
What set you from punk what set you from ride
Rip Van Winkle sleepin' nigga woke up and became a G
But you still don't impress the Eazy
Smoke a little sherm now you call that shit the chronic
Niggas on the westside call it bionic
I make a mill here, make a mill there
Fuck a bitch here, fuck a bitch there, yeah

 Well if it's on motherfucker then it's on

Old nigga Eazy-E went to the cupboard
To get Snoop Doggy Dogg a bone motherfucker
Here's another G
Or should I say a H, a I, a J, a K, a L-M-N-O-P
P for the pussy wussy wuffin' nigga broke
As a motherfuckin' joke
Talkin' about you want to smoke
The E to the A-Z-Y
Nigga this east side
Snoop Doggy Doggy Dogg you wanna try
187 on the E that ya sing
But you cling on my balls when I swing my ding-a-ling
Yeah, you got more juice like a plant of puppy water
First I'm gonna choke ya
Then I smoke ya, then I'm gonna
Toss ya in the back of my trunk
With the other punk
Smoking Death Row like I smoke a Phillie Blunt
Well if it's on motherfucker than its on, G
If it's on motherfucker than it's on, G


Still a nigga
Once a nigga
Always a nigga
Down from the getgo
Never let go
Never flossin
Never slippin
Never trippin
Stickin dick and my balls down your throat doggy listen
Niggas from the LBC
They never heard of ya G
And Niggas from the CPT ain't down with D-R-E
But ya gave it up
Still like a trooper
Let 'em play ya jam shake ya hand and then they shoot ya
You can fool the people on the east coast an the mid-west
But In LA you still can't pass the test
See I can tell a pussy when I see one
Dre wearing lip stick that mean ya have to be one
You need to change your sex and your occupation
You try to fuck with E nigga Run Run Run
Cause if it's on motherfucker then its on, G
Now if its on motherfucker then its on, G
Cruisin' down the street in my '64

It's like that and it's like this
I took her to the pad and we started to kiss
Now my dick's on hard, you know what I'm thinkin'
Took the panties off and the pussy wasn't stinkin'
Pulled off my drawers and we started to begin
Now the pussy's wet so my dick slides in
Oh, Heidi Heidi Heidi you ho
Ridin' from the back so I'm pumpin' kinda slow
So fee-fi-fo-fuck-fum
She's scratchin' on my back oh here she comes
Now I gotta get a nut gotta get a nut gotta get it quick
You know because I love this shit so

Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, Gimmee that, Gimmee that nutt

Okay back back to the fuckin' basics
You got yours and mine you want to taste it
Open wide oh no don't you waste it
Oh shit all over you face kid
You know you know one thing
You know me I like to slang
That dick you know what so roll over girl while I stick it in ya
But I'll trade it all while I'm ridin' that ass scream and shout
My name is the same
Just another pussy that I had to tame soooooooo

Uh, get it all baby
Uh, get it all baby
Uh, get it all baby (lick my balls honey)

Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, Gimmee that, Gimmee that nutt

Now I love pussy
And pussy loves me
Like a lemon to the lime and the bumble to the bee
You know its real good, a nigga can't resist it
Couldn't be a fruit loop so don't get me twisted
''Cause in some pussy is the place to be
Always fuckin' is the life for me
Spread them legs open far and wide
Fuck this shit just let me put my dick inside, soooooooo

Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, Gimmee that, Gimmee that nutt

Uh, get it all baby
Uh, get it all baby
Uh, get it all baby (gently put the ballhaaaaa)

Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, that, that nutt
Gimmee that, Gimmee that, Gimmee that nutt
Come on over, honey
And give your uncle Dolemite a kiss
Well, what you want, baby?

Would you tell me a story?

You want me to tell you a story?

Hell yeah!

Me too!

Yes honey, I'mma tell you a story
About the bad-ass Eazy-E
He was drinking whisky and gin at the age of three
Listen and listen well
He's a bad muthafu-

Gimmie that god damn book!
Here, let me read you this one
Christmas in Compton
It was a silent night, yes, a holy night
Until Mr. Claus turned into Santa muthafuckin' Wright

Deck the halls with balls of holly
Fa la la la la la la la la
Tis the season to be jolly....

Merry Christmas, motherfucker!

Merry muthafuckin' Christmas and a ho ho ho!
While I'm riding that cot under the mistletoe
Now dashing through the snow
In a candy red top 6-4 (hittin' them switches)
Over the hills I go
Laughing at this ho
Nuts on her chin ring
Making me feel right
Oh what fun it is to know
That I'm gonna get this pussy tonight
So ring them bells, ring them bells
She's taking it all the way
Oh what fun it is to watch her suck my dick this way, hey
Ring them bells, ring them bells
She's taking it all the way
Oh what fun it is to nut while she's sucking my dick
Oh yay!
This is the season to get bitten
Compton crime lick and I'm smoking on this shit

Ho ho ho, come sit on my face - I mean lap
And tell me what you want for Christmas, ho ho

I want a sleigh ride
A Christmas Eve stick of rum
She said I slide down the chimney and I'm gonna cum
A VCR on the set with nothing but porno flicks
Get some Rudolph the red nose reindeer
Getcha that gum like a everlastin' gobstoper
Give me a hump for his cock will be the party poppa
I dig a ho, crack a dough by the nuts oh
I want to be having a good time fuckin' in tha snow
I made him drop to his knees
Yeah you know what's up
I said here's some candy canes eat'em up
I send him down, they jumping down, swinging by my toes
Send me some cheese, I want the candy cream and the loot
I want Santa to send me a little jack horny guy
I want him to shake me ??
So all on the hunt, bon appetite
And a condom in a tree

All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth
My two front teeth, my two front teeth
All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth
Yo wheres ya rhyme tell me Buckwheat

Buckwheat is a wascal
That's no Christmas
And all the toys, boys and girls
Fuck ya wishes
I not happy, overjoyed in this muthafucka
No indo under my tree so Santa be a sucka
No shit on the roof, cough up Rudolph's nuts
When I was young I was the only kid
Who had enough guts to be
Good ole hearing on the East
I'd stay awake just to let America know
That Santa was a fake
I used to believe in Saint Dick when Elvis was alive
But all the fucking bullshit got played when I was five
Years old, just stay young, bold writing
Singing "Silent Night", caroling, reciting
Now all I want for Christmas is my indo wreath
I got my two front teeth
Uncle Eazy be the jeezy and just spread me a leaf
Little kids, don't cry
When you find out the Santa Claus is just a fucking lie

On the third day of Christmas, my homeboys gave to me
Three pounds of indo
Two birds of cocaine
And a A muthafuckin' K, bitch

Eazy-E oh Eazy-E
Show us how you treat those bitches

I saw mommy fucking Eazy Claus

Close the door, little bitch
I'm getting these draws

I'm a tell my daddy if ya ass don't stop

I don't give a fuck
I'm getting Christmas cot
Ho ho ho and away I go

Oh Saint Nick's got a dick like a pole

Well where's our shit?

This motherfucker's cheap

Shut the fuck up, bitches
And go back to sleep

Yo black, what you want for Christmas?
(Yo black, I want a job)
For my Christmas, all the fucked up people
Want some corn-on-the-cob
A Jew will eat some matzoh ball soup, but a nigga'll eat some
Chitlins, watermelon, corn bread and some Fruit Loops
Now who's caroling in my window
Smokin' up indo
Mechalecha hi, make a high note

Get out my fucking yard with your camel
You wanna get busy and Santa like a..
I am a rhymer
The Atban Klann will make shit slam, it's Christmas time
The Simple Simon Christmas make me jam jam jam

Yo black, what you want for Christmas?
Yo black, I want some cash
So I can buy some indo, chronic and some hash

Yo, here comes the Atban Klann rough and rugged
A rump pa bum bum
A rump pa bum bum

Merry Muthafuckin' Christmas
Merry Muthafuckin' Christmas
Merry Muthafuckin' Christmas
And have a fucked up new year

You Biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch!!

And they all went to prison
And lived fucked up lives ever after
The End
Hey Yella
Kick that shit
19-9-muthaphukkin-E
The muthaphukkin year of the real muthaphuckkin G's
And we gonna do this shit like this:

Nigga evidently, ya just don't know who ya fucking with
So I suggest get in ya shit and keep truckin', bitch
Before I get my gat ya pressure case
Blast, blast I leave my gang bang layin' on ya face
I tattoo Dre name on my chest
Cross it out just another nigga that I X-ed, huh
And you won't see R.I.P., you'll see P.N.D
A Punk nigga deceased, yeah
And the bitch that was yours will be mine, buddy
All because ya woofed on a nigga that was nutty
And I had to make an example
Nigga thinks I'm crazy now but that was just a sample
Of a nigga with street wise reality
That don't give a fuck type Compton mentality
I stare back death right in the face
Contemplate my last day on and everyday base
Cause a nigga never know when he go
I hope it only takes one shot
Cause I don't wanna die slow
My funeral will be full of my peers
People that never gave a fuck about me droppin' phony tears
I hope I'm in the casket face down
So all you motherfuckers can kiss my black ass now
And fuck all that cryin' all night
Just be happy that I'm rid of this fucked up life, yeah
And now you see you can't handle me
I give a shout to Tonel and the Ruthless fuckin' family

Yeah, out with the old, in with the motherfuckin' new
But check this shit out
I got somebody for ya, bitch
Motherfucker

Now it's about time for the Sylk to speak
Check dat ass last weak
You off the chronic and you tweak
Speak when I feel
Cause I'm as real as they come
I'm a bitch with a gun
Never run ain't for none
So step, step up
If ya wanna test ya luck, trick
Sister like Sylk
Really don't give a fuck, bitch
Punk bitches wanna step phony speak howdy doody
I make ya self break ya self bitch you never knew me
Yours truly no longer layin' in the cut
Steady fuckin' shit up
Never see me shakin' my butt, I strut
Like a gangsta bitch, no, not a pranksta bitch
I'm quick to gank a bitch, trick
Peep game at this bitch as I shoot this
Gangsta bitch steppin' rollin' with the Ruthless

The R-U-T-H-L-E double S, yo, it's the nigga Knocc Out
Claim the Blocc so nigga whats next
Try to step and flex and get wrecked like a mack truck
I'm kickin', tah spittin' this funky shit to make a quick fat buck
I'm doggin' a dog you suckers can't talk about tip flip I rip shit
I'm stressin'
"Damn cuz", "Pick it back up"
Chillin' up in the studio
With the Ruthless Family
Fuck the Death Row posse
Yo, them fools can not handle me
Snoop and Andre ya come and try to fade the
Loc'ed out, Compton, original baby gangsta
1-8-7's how we do it on the west
Ya say ya shit is chronic but to me it's more like stress
Or should I say make my shit the stronic
Tha Dogg Pound don't wanna step to the atomic dog
D-O-T-K-N-O-Double-C-O-U-T so motherfucker come and fuck with me

Come on, come on
This is just a little something to keep ya ass in check
Ruthless motherfuckin' family ya still in effect 
This is just a little something to keep ya ass in check
Ruthless motherfuckin' family ... kick that shit

Jealousy is a motherfucker when your the man
With the upper hand I don't give a shit
Clock a grip like no other can
Wanna be like me be a G like me
But I'm the nigga that made a G
Outta the bitch D-R Eazy
I was the captain
Dre was my sidekick
Everything was cool
Til he wanted to get what I get
Any other real G, Eazy-Muthaphukkin-E
Now claimin' you a G
How does it feel to be me
"We want Eazy!"

Yea, yea! Can yall hear that?
Can yall hear that?
Well, clap ya hands then-come on
Clap ya hands everybody
Clap ya hands, come on, come on
Put ya hands together and clap 'em
Now can y'all say Eazy!
Come on, say it
EAZY!
Everybody come on!
EAZY!
Who yall came to see?
Eazy!
A little louder come on!
EAZY!
Get those hands in the air!
Eazy!
Come on, come on say it!
Eazy!
A little louder come on!
EAZY!
Come on make some noise!
EAZY!
Ayo Ren lets do this

People from everywhere gather around
Checkin' out the sound that Eazy is throwin' down
With some help from Ren and Dre
Makin' a way with dope style
Yo Eazy, what ya gotta say

A miracle of modern creation
Eazy E's on the set, hyped up with the bass
And a little bit of what ya love
From a brother who's smooth like a criminal
I mean subliminal - Otherwise known as a villain
Because I'm ruthless, when I spot a sucka, I kill 'em
But most I think know not to deal with me
Yo, it's obvious, tell 'em who you came to see
EAZ-Y...

(Michel'le)Eazy
Hey eazy
(Eazy)Wassup??
(Michel'le)Why you wear your pants like that?
(Eazy)I wear my pants like this, fo' easy access baby
Yeah thats right
(Ice Cube)
Yo homeboy, where we takin' this jam to?
COMPTON
Where?
COMPTON
Alright

Yeah 'cuz this is the way I know you like it
So you won't strike it
I took it and I hyped it
And now that it's done, I know ya pleased
At how the E just duz it with ease
Just imagine a crowd screamin', a girl dreamin'
Just to get a picture of me 'n' my B-O-Y-Z
From the H-double-O-D
N.W.A., down with me
Strong 'n' I'm ragin'
Turn the page 'n'
See I'm not a son of a gun
I'm a gauge 'n'
Nuthin' can avoid this shot cause it's hittin'
It's so cool when you touch it, wear a mitten
I'm comin' off raw into ya speaker
Makin' the suckas on the street feel weaker
But most I think know not to deal with me
Yo, it's obvious, tell 'em who you came to see
EAZ-Y...
Yo man, you weren't born in no '73
Why you be lyin' bout your age?
(Eazy-E)
Man, why you gotta bring that up?
Yo, get this fool outta here!
Hey Eazy why you always cussin' on your records?
(Eazy-E)
Who are you, Gene Autry or somethin'?
I just do that to get my point across
Now I wanna know who you came to see
EAZ-Y...

Aw, never, I'm just too clever
So, in fact, that no one can sever
A blow from a maniac and yo, I make it clear
So a register is all I hear
Money overturned, then I jet
To make another hit, for you to go and get
Record stores sold out because you love it
Another example of how Eazy duz it
EAZ-Y
We want Eazy...
Eazy-E: Yo Ren, you're ready to go get this money?
MC Ren: Believe that, boy
Eazy-E: You're strapped?
MC Ren: Yeah, you know it
Eazy-E: Let's go do this shit, man, I got it all planned out
MC Ren: Yeah, shoot any motherfucker that moves

Alright everybody

This is a stick-up, everybody get face-down
Ren, gag their mouths so they can't make a sound
Tie em up for the fact that I'm kickin ass
I got my hand on my gat, and I'm tempted to blast
My name is Eazy, but I go the hard way out
This ain't personal, but now I'm about
To commit a crime and go through with it
You know what, no need for shaking, because I'm used to it
Take out the security guard with a slap of my hand
Yeah, he's wearing a badge, but he's a ol' ass man
Pop his ass in the head, and take his gun
So me and the punk can go one on one
Cover the lens on the TV screen
You know so me and my gang, just can't be seen
Lock the doors, and throw away the key
Close the blinds, so no motherfuckers could see
And smile, you know, cause I'm control of the shit
And no sucker ass nigga's gonna stop the hit
Wardrobes and locs, and a Ruthless shirt
That means I'm ready to work, and rush a fool to the dirt, so

Nobody move, nobody get hurt 
Nobody move, nobody get hurt 
Nobody move, nobody get hurt 
Nobody move, nobody get hurt gunshot]

Alright, anybody move and I'll blow your fucking head off

Alright, empty your pockets, but do it slow
Take everything you got and lay it on the fucking floor
Don't make me have to set an example today
And blow one of you crazy motherfuckers away
I'm in a bank, and it's a little bit funny
Taking all you stupid motherfuckers' money
Peepin at a bitch cause my dick's on hard
Laughing at the dumb ass security guard
Who's tied up for the moment, not saying a word
I should have known it before, the motherfucker's a nerd
But back to the bitches I'm peepin'
And then untie the ho, so I can start creepin'
Took her to the backroom, about to jack
Cold trailed the bitch, with a gun in the back
I said: "Lay down, and unbutton your bra!"
There was the biggest titties that a nigga ever saw
I said: "Damn", then the air got thinner
Only thought in my mind, was going up in her
The suspense was making me sick
She took her panties down and the bitch had a dick!
I said: "Damn", dropped the gat from my hand
(What I thought was a bitch, was nothing but a man)
Put the gat to his legs, all the way up his skirt
Because this is one faggot that I had to hurt, so

(I said get down. I want you all face-down on the floor
Anybody moves and I shoot)

Stacking up the money and there's more to collect
Cause I don't give a fuck, I take traveller's cheques
Yo, Ren, peep out the window, and tell me what you see
Three motherfucking police staring at me; what to do now?
Hurry up and get armed
Alright, tell me, who hit the motherfucking alarm?
I'mma give ya a chance, and count to three
Or else five of y'all bitches are comin with me
(Alright, Alright, come on out niggas, or we're coming in
This is the only chance to turn yourself in)
Fuck you, we got hostages, and plenty of loot
And don't give a damn and not afraid to shoot
We're sending out the hostages, all except five
And if you don't meet our demands, they won't stay alive
We want a copter, so we can get away clean
And take some pussy along, if you know what I mean
One hostage got brave, and got off the floor
But I smoked his ass before he got to the door
(They shot a hostage, they shot a hostage)
You stupid motherfucker trying to run
Now you're dead as fuck trying to race a gun
(Alright, this is the last chance to get off your ass
Or else the tear gas is about to blast)
I ran to the back and Ren followed behind
To a hell of a spot that was hard to find
The bank was fucked up, the shit was smokin'
With screamin hostages, running and chokin'
Gettin away, but I was suddenly stopped
At point blank range, by a motherfucking cop
And I hope they don't think that a lesson was taught
Cause a nigga like the E was finally caught
My gat wouldn't fire, the shit wouldn't work
So, y'all know what time it is


( Well I'm giving you five seconds to let us through the gate or
I'm gonna shoot two of your guards)
(Hehe, they got me once, but they'll never get me again)
1999
The world's at its end
Fuck it
We want the money and the power
And go out with a bang

Cause it's the end of the world
And still niggas ain't got no satisfaction
So I take my 9 put it on my chest bust some cop in his head
Now I'm blastin'
Cause I'm known as a G
And I'm coming from the C-P-T
And you should know
Bitch ass niggas runnin' back
Can't fuck with Eazy
Wet 'em up

This is a real life jack in progress
Nigga, give up your shit or take two to the chest with the cripness
Cause I ain't fuckin' around, G
So take a look at a real live nigga that's crazy
And get ready to die, loc
Any last words
Before your ass gets smoked, it ain't a joke
Because my pockets is broke my friend
That's why I gotta do you in
Give up your ends and your gold and your brand new Nike's
And anything else I might like
And then I'm off in the wind again
To catch the next sucker
Slippin' takin' two to the chin
I'm on a role two niggas in one night
Didn't even have to fight
Just pulled out my 9 to end another's life
That's real life so forget the silly shit you heard
Now nigga tell me, do you have any last words


Another murder I committed made front page
A nigga dead from a drive-by, did him with a 12 gauge
The first stage of insanity
People say it ain't wise, to get faded of the St. Ides
A mother cries, another son lies in a casket
Life was fun while it lasted
That silly bastard had to get caught
Trippin' and set trippin'
You should have seen that niggas blood drippin'
To many lives took
To many hearts broke
But you don't hear me, you just see my fuckin' gun smoke
Some ask why do I take so many lives from
The innocent little ones
But where I come from
We take shit real
You peel caps so you get your fuckin' cap peeled
Grab your steel, forget about what you heard
It's do or die, nigga
Any last words


I got the 9 and I'm pullin', straight creep
Feel I need to take anothers life, so I peep
Checkin' the scene but stayin' low
So I'm not seen, case I gotta get away
Gotta make the shit clean, G
So I'm lookin' for a victim
Gotta be right took my time and I picked him
Scoped shit, then I licked him
Now I'm back in the news no clues but yet another murder
You should have heard the nigga squill when I stuck his ass
I had to grin cause it's funny, nigga, fuck his ass
He ain't the last and surely ain't the first, G
But his monkey ass rolled away in a hearse, G
So I'm feelin' some what relieved
Just another day in the life of the Eazy
A real G, so forget the silly shit you heard
It's do or die, Eazy-E gets that last word
We're sitting here with Eazy E
Believe that
How are you doing?
Alright
So, Eazy, tell me, how was your life as a youngster?

Ruthless, my style as a juvenile
Ran with a gang, slanged in the meanwhile
Bankin', I specialized in gankin'
Whites, Mexicans, brothers and others
Daily, it's all about comin' up
Makin sure no punks are runnin' up
(​Because I'm a gangsta havin' fun)​
Strapped with a gat when I'm walkin through Compton
Terrible, I never listened to my mother
It went in one ear, and out the other
Ran my gang, sold undercover
Call a girl out a name, yo I ain't no lover
I'm a pimp, mack daddy, lookin' for the dollar
At thirteen I bought a six-fo' Impala
Rollin', and runnin' from the police
Brother don't you know you can't trust a thief
Or thug, convict, hoodlum or criminal
Leave your car open, gank for your stereo
Hard and raw, no regard for the law
(Eazy E, were you ever caught slipping?)
Hell no! Just trippin' off 8-ball
And girls ain't nothin' but female dogs to me
Bitches! I'm sorry for that verse
It's in my nature, I gotta curse
Out anybody gettin' on my nerves
You get beat, ganked, broke and served
So... you know who I am
And if you don't like it, I really don't give a damn

Hmm, I see, so you're rather violent?
Sometimes
Ok, what would be the situation when you so-called "gank" someone?

Wait... for some people to leave
I got another trick up my sleeve
Step with pep to the back of the house
Looked in... all the lights are out
Grabbed the door and it's locked, so
Easily made my way to the window
Lift it up slow, 'cause it takes timing
Looked around, and then I climbed in
Once inside, I start takin'
'Cause you know it's no time for shakin'
Get what you gonna get, front and center
Or get five years for breakin' and enter
Move quickly, but no runnin'
Shh, I think somebody's comin'
Hear the front door key, and I flee
Out the back with a fist full of jewelry
Over the wall... don't fall
Wipe my sweat 'cause that was a close call
Gettin' ganked by the E is a lesson
So... is there any more questions?

Yes, as a matter of fact, there is...
Have you ever been involved in, like, an armed robbery or a hold-up?
You mean a 211?
Yeah

There's a store, but don't point
Walk inside, case the joint
One man behind the counter, another in the back
Go out to the car and load the gat
Grabbed the ski mask, here's the task
Go in broke, come out with cash
(Were you slick?)
Yeah, you gotta be cunnin'
Told Ice Cube to leave the car runnin'
Walked in, said: "This is a robbery"
Didn't need the money, it's just a hobby
Fill the bag, homeboy, don't lag
I want money, beer, and a pack of zig-zags
The man in the back had a camera
So he came out to test his stamina
Against Eazy E, but he took one
Fell to the floor, so I run
Back to the bucket, then I said: "Punch it"
Took the gun, and then dumped it
I'm not like Robin Hood, 'cause I want more
Steal from the rich, hang with the poor
My pockets are fat, you see, it don't matter to me
I feel like nobody is badder than me
(Is all that true?)
I don't lie
You see... I'm not mister nice guy

Oh, so you're not exactly a role model?
Not exactly
And for your listeners, what does Eazy think of himself?

Bad and bold, you can't get with this
Those that tried, you're on my shit list
Can't be caught, sought or fought
Thought, and damn so what?
Down and dirty from the C-P-T
N.W.A and Eazy-E
One more, before we end this session
What's your real name?
No more questions!
Yo man I don't think they heard you
Why don't you tell 'em what ya name is

My name is Eazy yeah this is true
Keepin' your attention is what I'm gonna do
Hardcore yo I could never be soft
Askin' me my defin' they say the boy goes off
Fillin' up my memo with the touch of my rhyme
Suckaz stayin' with me cause they know the time
Quiet on the set because I'm about to begin
And if you didn't hear me boy I'll tell you again
My name is Eazy or just call me E
But It doesn't really matter to me
Cause I'm the same person
Whether serious or rehearsin'
I just gotta keep cursin'
This is for the radio so I better chill
They won't play it if I co get ill
But I'm like that and thats an actually fact
Because the street is where my heart is at
Yo I don't do dope but I'm dope not a dope
But I'm doper than anybody who tries to cope
If the rhyme I'm displayin'
And the beat that's playin'
Yo you could try all day
And you still won't match up with the Ruthless P.O.W
Cause Eazy's doin it Compton style
Thats the city and you say you could get some
Yo it's Eazy-er Said Than Dunn

Wooooooo!
Wooooooo!

Now it's easy for me to get my point across
So listen up close if ya don't ya might get lost
I'm not a role model or a Dr. Seuss yo I'm a gangsta
And I'm about to get stupid
I guess its time for the trama
With the E-A-Z-Y-E comma now that's drama
So pay attention by the way I must mention
I'm comin' off hard in the third dimension
With the glare
But you don't need no glasses to stare
It'll probably take you in and it's just like your there
With the E on the gangsta tip
So if you think I'm a flip or slip don't even trip
Cause I'm a destroyer
My homie Dre is a doctor not a lawyer
Dope mc employer on Ruthless and thats my label
To get the money, the women, and co bust the fat cable's
Boy, master rhymers of toys
I mean str8 while ya suckin' with the girls enjoy
You must be sick or ya lonely
How ya gonna diss me if ya don't even know me
(Eazy - E: Yo Ren)
(M.C. Ren: What sup)
Get the gat show 'em where it's at
And that's just the sound
And next time I'm peelin ya cap
To let ya know where I'm comin' from
Eazy said it and it shall Be Dunn

Wooooooo!
Wooooooo!

Creating dope jams is a part of the cycle
Eazy-er said than Dunn yeah thats the title
Rubbin' the lady's only the fly ones ya know
(M.C. Ren: but what if she's ugly)
Eazy come Eazy go
Don't ask to battle me home boy what's that
You wanna battle me boy ya better be strapped
Cause where I'm from it ain't all about that playin'
Now that's what I'm sayin'
Said before that I was born in '73
Now everybody want's to know the A-G-E
Girls on the tip fellaz too it seemed
Had everybody thinkin' I was only 15
The fellaz would annoy me
The ladyz would adore me
And what was I to do
I wishin' nothin' but to let the lady's through
Cause the ladyz I luv 'em
Nice and then soft
I hate male groupies so just step the hell off
I'm the real Eazy cause others be fakin'
Tryin' to game fame off the name I'm makin'
Sayin' on your records you could get some
Yo home boy its Eazy-er Said Than Dunn

Wooooooo!
Wooooooo!
Straight off the streets of Compton
Dedicated and by most suckers hated
But I got something I want you motherfuckers to know
I really don't give a fuck
*laughing*

Niggas ain't shit in the 90's, I don't trust 'em
And bitches on my dick but they ain't shit, so motherfuck 'em
Eazy know's what's up, 'cause see he really don't give a fuck
'Cause it don't concern me if don't pertain to money or a nut
But then again I talk to a few of my friends
Nine times out of ten 'bout some ends or some skins
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that gotta have it like a rabbit
Rappin' is my hustle bustin' ho's is a habbit
I stab it like a true no good nigga should
I do it the way a down O.G. nigga would
And now niggas know Eric Wright ain't no busta
Another platinum cut from the Compton thugsta
My name is
"Eazy-E"

Eazy muthaphukkin E
A real nigga
Born and raised in motherfuckin' Compton
This one's dedicated to you busta-ass niggas
You know who you are
Smoke a fat ass joint to this, bitch
*laughing*

I don't think I'm all this or that, but I'm all me
Original gangsta E-A-Z-Y-E
Down from the jump now I'm endin' with the biz and
Still rollin' in my 6-4 on them thizangs
Do wicked shit, 'cause shit is wicked on the streets
And from what my eyes see the wickedness will never cease
Bitches on my dick and you know I'm runnin' y'all
So you just sold your soul to the motherfuckin' devil's son-in-law
Wicked as could be Eazy-E got the flow
Leavin' a smell of death on the Row for sure
And a ho can't make me or break me
But she can take me to a motel
And work a nigga swell
'Cause I'm Eazy-E

Yeah, suck on these nuts, motherfuckers
Get with the real and quit faking the funk
And oh yeah, stay off my dick, haha
Really doe
*laughing*

I let my demons lose when I hit the 8 juice
And I leave a trail of stiffs when I'm high of a spliff
Niggas talk shit so I talk a lot of shit, too
Niggas wanna diss, fuck them and their whole crew
In fact niggas thank ya for stockin' a niggas bank up
Yeah, I'm livin' swell but I'm a gangsta like Dresta
No not the doctor, physician or the MD
Dresta's an O.G., Doc is a phony
Only the real real still can chill with me
And the rest can't fuck with E
'Cause I'm the O.G. that'll bring you down
The devil's son in law, king of the underground
Good to go with the flow that I throw
Givin' ya mo' to let a motherfucker know
That I can get wreck on the set and make ya small
'Cause you know I ain't a joke
I'm a motherfuckin' loc, and my name is Eazy-E

Eazy muthaphukkin E
But you bitches can just call me E
A real nigga from the C-P-T
Kickin' ass and asking questions later
Oh yeah, don't get smoked, loc
And I'm out, motherfuckers
Straight off the streets of mothafuckin' Compton
It's the downest nigga I know
Eazy mothafuckin' me
'Bout to kick your ass in '93
(Creep with me, as I crawl through the hood)

I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl, creep creep
I said I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl, creep creep
I got my niggas from Grape Street, Watts
I got my niggas from the C-P-T
I got my niggas all across the mothafuckin' land
That's down with the E-A-Z-Y-E

Now, early in the mornin' I awake
Thinkin' about this dead fool's life that I had to take
Frontin' on a true name, I peep game at point-blank range
Fuck 'em! ("Mothafuckin' right, y'all.")
Back to the set as I jet
Not givin' a fuck about the nigga that I wet
That's what he gotta shout for actin' like a trick
Now he's six feet and I'm deep in his bitch
Creepin', creepin', creepin' on the marks that be sleepin'
Catch you slippin', slap the clip in, buck 'em every weekend
A scandalous lil' nigga with no heart to feel remorse
Dig the nigga's corpse, leave it on his momma's porch
Don't give a fuck about shit, that's why I mellow
Or maybe it's the fact that I'm kin to the Devil
A psychopathic nigga that's always quick to fill a
Nigga full of lead, 'cause I'm a mothafuckin' killer
Thrilla from Manila, though I'm shorter than the average
Try to test yo' luck and get bucked by a mothafuckin' savage

I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl, creep creep
I said I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl, creep creep
I got my niggas from Grape Street, Watts
I got my niggas from the C-P-T
I got my niggas all across the mothafuckin' land
That's down with the E-A-Z-Y-E

Now, later on that night as I'm rollin'
Lookin' for a nigga I can gat and pack a hole in
Stoppin' at a light on the late night
Fire up a Philly blunt to get my head right
See some niggas slippin' at a burger stand
And in my mind all I'm thinkin' is a murder plan
Creepin' through the drive-through kinda slow
I got my hot beams on the back of the '4, yo
Smokin' on chronic with the rag down
Not knowin' I'm about to lay their ass down
Reach for who was fool, make my move
Leaned out my jeep and I creep kinda smooth
With the gat to the nigga's dome, now he sleeps
One shot to the top, body flopped on the seat, peep
I dumped on the lil' skinny passenger
A bitch is screamin' in a rage, so I blasted her
Smashed and I got about five blocks
Before I got stopped by a punk-ass cop (Shit, fuck 'em!)
{You can't kill a cop!} FUCK YOU! *shots*
Mothafucker, ha ha ha!

I creep and I crawl and I creep
I creep and I crawl and I creep
I creep and I crawl and I creep
I creep and I crawl and I creep
Good evening, and welcome to Eazy's playhouse
You stupid muthafucka!
Now that you got the album
What the fuck are you gonna do with it, bitch?

I knew this nigga back in, uh, uh—back since a nigga was little
(You lying, you lying man)
The nigga come from Compton, Michigan, nigga
(Compton what? You ain't never met no Eazy-E)
Well, I'ma introduce him (You a damn liar!)
This is the craziest motherfucka you done seen (You a damn liar!)
This nigga's crazy—just listen!

Easily I approach
The microphone because I ain't no joke
Tell your momma to get off of my tip
I have no time to give her my dick
I'm gonna hold it, and walk around the stage and
If you fuck up I'm goin' to get my gauge and
Unload the barrel and laugh
'Cause I'm puttin' lead in your mothafuckin' ass
Psychopathic, but the hoes are attracted
Because when I'm on hard, my dick's at least a yard
In the days of old, I was a nut
Now I'll need at least 3 hoes when I fuck
'Cause I do a check—nut 1, nut 2
Then I save a nut for when there's nothin' else to do
Get used to the crew, bitch, 'cause I would never quit
As soon as you think that's it, I'm still talkin' shit

Ha ha, I told you that nigga was crazy
Eazy Eric, that's my boy, ha ha, godamnit
Go on, boy, wit' yo' bad self
Step up to the mic, nigga (Ay bitch, pass me my Ripple)

I got a fable that you need to listen to
It's a funky little rhyme about a bitch or a two
One's Sharon, the other one Shaun
I wanted to nut, but which one do I want?
Shaun said, "Eazy, let me fuck you blind"
And Sharon said, "E, I want to blow your mind"
I said fuck it, I know what should be done
Just pull your panties down and I'll fuck the biggest one
And then I get the other pussy, put it in the freezer
So I can always have a on-hold skeezer
Yeah, that's the ticket, I'll do it like that
So I told the hoes to take a big step back
Took the zipper down, eyes wide, and said
"Here's what I'm gonna put inside"
Grab it like a rabbit (grab it), let's work it (work it)
But I won't love you—when I'm done, I'll still be talkin' shit ...

Ha ha, that boy good (Yeah, that boy's good)
(That muthafucka be talkin' all kinds of shit)
I used to get pussy like Eazy Eric every day
(You ain't no motherfucker) How you know, muthafucka?
(You're lyin', your dick can't get hard)
Oh, suck my dick, muthafucka (Nigga, you lyin')
Who you talkin' to? Well, get up then, nigga, shit...

Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit
Ayo Yella boy, why don't you rewind it

Niggas don't see I'm a 100 percent legit
And you know it ain't about all that bullshit
It's about fuckin' this bitch and that bitch
But not the bitch with the 7 day itch, like that ho'
Just throwin' me the pussy
She says she wants to do it like a doggy
She's bad, nobody is badder
But she got more crabs than a seafood platter
Bitch on the gank move, to skeaze me
Just to say "I got fucked by Eazy"
So I slapped the ho' like a pimp
I might be a woman-beater but I'm not a pussy-eater
So when the shit hits the fan, it's outta my mouth
You don't like what I'm talkin' about?
All of y'all can just suck my dick
You could quote me now 'cause I'm still talkin' shit

The boy's good—I told you, boy
(Ay, I knew him when he was knee-high)
The nigga got talent—you don't know a damn thing
(I knew him when he was knee-high)
He still is knee-high, muthafucka
(Yeah, I like that part—bring that shit back one more time, Maestro)
That's that old Z.Z. Hill, huh? Ha ha ha
I tell ya, boy, I can do the Mashed Potato, nigga, what can you do?
(Muthafucka, I can do the bugaloo, I can do the bugaloo)
Bugaloo!? That old shit been played out back in 1967
(Man, fuck you; fuck you)
Well, it be the real niggas back with that hard street shit
Bitch niggas be pissin' a fit but I say fuck 'em, when I buck 'em
It's that nigga with the cool and mellow shit for your ass
Takin' niggas back through the past
All up on my nuts shit be swingin' like a fist
Can't even take a piss, if I did niggas would cut they wrist
In a motherfuckin' candy 4, beat that ass with the switch
Then blast on the bitch who was all in my shit
It's that nigga Ren back for the '9-5
They say real niggas was dead but this nigga be alive
So I'm puttin' it down with that nigga E
For all of my niggas in the C-P-T
So here we go again with part 3 of the script
Making bitch made niggas bite their lip, when we dip
So tell me how the fuck do it feel
To get hit with the motherfuckin' real

The motherfuckin' real
(Shouts goin' out to the hardcore hip hop)
The motherfuckin' real
(Buckin' these niggas til they drop)

Now everything's good in my hood, and it's on and poppin'
Eazy-muthaphukkin'-E from east side south Compton
Straight givin' up the real
On how a nigga feel talk that shit, mothafuckers' caps get peeled
Layin' low in the cut
Gettin' high than a motherfucker - Niggas know what's up
I'm that gangsta-gangsta, is that what they're still yellin'?
Nigga G to a T saggin' and bailin'
Live by the gun, you know what I'm sayin', Ren? (Yeah)
So I guess I'll die by that motherfucker then
So when I die, niggas bury me
Make sure my shit reads Eazy-muthaphukkin'-E
And it's a fact, to be exact, my tombstone should read
'He put Compton on that map'
And that's how a nigga feel
When I'm givin' up the motherfuckin' real

The motherfuckin' real
(Shouts goin' out to the hardcore hip hop)
The motherfuckin' real
(Buckin' these niggas til they drop)

Niggas be pissin' on they self when the real niggas drop
While they rollin' in they shit, hittin' corners on the block
Niggas fresh out the pen with two strikes
Be bumpin' this real shit every fuckin' night, it's alright niggas
It's two hard motherfuckers on the streets
It's the nigga MC Ren and the nigga Eazy...

...does it ya wish the fuck that you could do it
Got a nine millimeter don't make me have to shoot it
Who gives a fuck about the police
Cause them the main mothafucka that break the peace
Now let me know how the fuck do you feel
Gettin' hit with the motherfuckin' real

The motherfuckin' real
(Shouts goin' out to the hardcore hip hop)
The motherfuckin' real
(Buckin' these niggas til they drop)

Yeah, keepin' it real for the '9-5
For all you niggas out there that's true to the motherfuckin' game
N.W.A.'s back in this, bitch
And busta-ass niggas don't even understand it
Yo, Yella kick that shit
They'll never take me alive, I'm gettin' high with my four-five
Cocked on these suckas, time to die
Even as a youngster causin' ruckus on the back of the bus
I was a fool all through high school kickin' up dust
But now I'm labelled as a troublemaker who can you blame?
Smokin' weed helped me take away the pain
So I'm hopeless rollin' down the freeway swervin', don't worry
I'm about to crash up on the curb cause my vision's blurry
Maybe if they tried to understand me, what should I do?
I had to feed my fuckin' family, what else could I do
But be a thug - out slangin' with the homies
Fuck hangin' with them phonies in the club
Got my mind on danger
Never been a stranger to homicide
My city's full of gang bangers and drive bys
Why do we die at an early age
He was so young
But still a victim of the 12 gauge
My memories of a corpse
Mind full of sick thoughts
And I ain't goin back to court
So fuck what you thought, I'm drinkin' Hennessey
Runnin' from my enemies will I live to be 23
There's so much pain

Gonna pay back niggas who did me wrong in the past
Some motherfucker's gotta die!
I'm an evil motherfucker ready to tear shit up
I'm gonna put these things on you, and never let up
Gonna pay back niggas who did me wrong in the past
Some motherfucker's gotta die!
I'm an evil motherfucker ready to tear shit up
I'm gonna put these things on you, and never let up

See, my momma...she was wrong when I was born
That a nigga like E should'a never been born
Gonna pay back niggas who did me wrong in the past
My days ain't long
I'm comin' strong and fast
Lock up 8 niggs..kill up 10 pigs
Innocent and fuckers are also dyin, too
Now what else can I do?
Fuck, fuck, fuck and plant my seeds
Leavin' kids in this world like me
The lunatic psycho mutherfucka Eazy-E

24 hours to live
But I don't wanna die
24 hours to live
Oh why, oh why?
Must die

Sky diving, scuba diving
To Evel Knievel stunt car drivin'
Gonna pay back niggas who did me wrong in the past
Some motherfucker's gotta die!
I'm an evil motherfucker ready to tear shit up
I'm gonna put these things on you, and never let up
Gonna pay back niggas who did me wrong in the past
Some motherfucker's gotta die!
I'm an evil motherfucker ready to tear shit up
I'm gonna put these things on you, and never let up

They got me mobbin' like I'm
Loc'ed and ready to get my slug on
And I load my clip and slip my motherfuckin' gloves on
I ain't scared to blast on these suckas if they test me
Trust, I got my Glock cocked playa if they press me
Bust on motherfuckers with a - paaassion
Better duck cause I ain't lookin when I'm - b-b-blaaastin
I'm a nut an' drinkin Hennessey and gettin' high
On the lookout for my enemies, don't wanna die
Tell me why cause this stress is gettin' major
A buck-fifty across the face with my razor
What can I do but be a thug until I'm dead and gone
Keep my brain on the game and stay head strong

I'm starting to sweat
Cause I don't really wanna die yet
Dizzy spells, flashbacks in my head
Niggas ain't want me to bein' happy when I'm dead
But I ain't goin' out unless 30 niggas die
I'm dying anyway so I'm thinking suicide

Gonna pay back niggas who did me wrong in the past
Some motherfucker's gotta die!
I'm an evil motherfucker ready to tear shit up
I'm gonna put these things on you, and never let up
Gonna pay back niggas who did me wrong in the past
Some motherfucker's gotta die!
I'm an evil motherfucker ready to tear shit up
I'm gonna put these things on you, and never let up
Inside the minds of real G's
Death Row is looked upon as the studio gangstas of the 90's
A joke *laughing* in a game called 5 minutes of fame
You wasted 4 minutes
Now you got seconds left, kick it
*laughing*

Come on, come all, and let me ride, nigga
Eazy-E, C-P-T, how the hell you figure
To be the best on the west, huh yeah
Fool, I doubt it, this is east side, nigga
South Compton
And I put it on the map
So what up Dogg Pound Crip
You wanna scrap
And that's comin' straight from the ruthless gangsta Eazy-E
Now what would I do, haha, let's see
Now I would take out Suge and stomp down the row
Since Dre is a bitch pimp slap the ho (ba-by)
Now I'm seein' doubles, aw man
Two dogs in a huddle, aw goddamn
Now, diggidi diggidi Daz I biggidi biggidi blast
Don’t run or i’ll smoke that ass
Now Kurupt, don't even set trip
Yellin' Long Beach 6-0 blood and puppy pound Crip
Really doe
Got my nuts on your chin
While I'm all in your philly ho
So come with it fool and test your luck and I'll beat that ass
Now call me Kurupt
Now I'm creepin' through the fog, yeah, big dog blue
Got my 9 milla-killa huntin' dog named Snoop
You can run nigga but you can't hide
Eazy-E straight creepin' on the east side
7-10 Long Beach South
Found Snoop freebasin' in a rock house
I kicks in the door, I said it before
I never let no bustas test me no more
(Murder was the case that they gave me)
(Murder was the case that they gave me)
I'll smoke all you fools even you boo-boo and your baby
(Murder was the case that they gave me)
Watch out buddy boy
Watch your back
Yeah, what would you do?
What would you do, if we rolled on you?

(Yeah...)
What would you do
(...so don't even think about...)
What would you do, if we rolled on you
(...stepping in the goddamn house)
What would you do
What would you do, if we rolled on you
(Yeah...)
What would you do
(...so don't even think about...)
What would you do, Dirty Red
(...stepping in the goddamn house)

Dirty Red, I comes on the sneak
Hittin' niggas low with the cappy ass flow
As I creep through the street, peepin' niggas from Death Row
Bet you I know, which one of y'all make the best ho
So let me break it down as I'm lost in the mist
Take word of advice and don't come fuckin' with this
It ain't a joke niggas choke from the smoke that I blaze
Purple haze you be dazed in a stun
I'll put you on your back nigga, what
I am the guts
In a Doggy Dogg World
I never run with mutts
Only nuts in their click
And dick in your mouth
The year is '95 and I'm runnin' the house
Now tell me, what can you do
Nigga, what can you do
Nigga, what could you do
If me and a few of my homies came through
Dumpin' real on you trick made bitch-made niggas
Wut could you do
Wut could you do, if we rolled on you


Dr. Dre
Straight busta
Never broke a law in his life
Besides beatin' up Ricky Harris' wife
Haha
Snoop Dogg
From a high top fade to sportin' braids
Now he's laid
Fame no fortune
And gettin' played, not payed, played
Treated like a prostitute
And we all know who's doin' the pimpin'
Daz, don't be a follower, be a leader
And stay off the next man's nuts
Kurupt, the Kingpin, sticks with the 6-0's
Cause you don't need those other hoes
Cause they're about to go up in you
But only if you let 'em
*laughing*
Death Row, really doe, ba-by
*bang*
*cries*
Perched up high on a roof top
Like a bird I'm havin' evil thoughts
A black hood covers my face
And death flows through my mind at it's own pace
Sometimes I feel like a super hero
Urgin' to free my kind
I'm so accurate
I shoot ya heart with a dime
Now I'm back to the moral of my tale
I see a victim and then my thoughts fail
My minds still fumblin' with the present slavery
I'm here to save you but who's to save me
I hold my strap so long that my palms all wet
I put my finger on the button then the sight I check
I make the kill here's the deal
After the trigger's pulled then the death is sealed
So it's the shots that sing out like a piper
Everyones scared I'm the neighborhood sniper

They say that some of them bust them pieces and some of them run up to get that leak-leak
Everybody else everybody else I'mma shoot to kill ya
Some of them bust them pieces, some of them run up to get that leak-leak
Everybody else everybody else I'mma shoot to kill ya
Boom boom boom boom had to murda ‘em
Boom boom had to murda em
Yaa boom boom boom boom
Boom boom had to murda ‘em
Boom boom had to murda 'em

So my boy is a snitch
I put my gun up to his head
And simply scared the bitch boo
Being the E ya know I'm thinkin' devious thoughts
Take off ya clothes nigga and here comes a plot
His bitch was scared she made a move I pulled the trigger
Now the room is red
Now there's nothing left but a snitch
Here's a four leaf clover punk make a wish
One  three strikes your out
This nigga is dead and now I'm lookin' for a window to get out
I made my escape the cops chase
Duckin' to an alley so they don't recognize my face
The boy had to pay the piper
So they all stayin' scared of the neighborhood sniper


I'm Doin' dirt as I continue my mission
Killin' all fools as an addiction
As the E, lovin' the game leavin' a shame
And in my heart I feel no motherfuckin' pain
Because my heart is cold as I was told
And with my A.K. 47 I stand bold
Rippin' up shit with the fury of my gun shot
Pop pop pow, as I watch the motherfucker drop
Lovin' the site as the blood spill
Take a photograph, To keep in my hall of thrills I’m stayin' calm
And never hyper as I succeed in my mission
I be a neighborhood sniper
"Hi, Claude again. You remember I told you about my cousin when I was 15? Well, the year after that, I killed this kid, Louie. Bashed his head in with my Louisville Slugger, hahaha! I got away with it, haha! But erm, I wanna apologize to Louie. I'm sorry Louie, hahaha!"

Bashed his head in with my Louisville Slugger

I knew this motherfucker named Louie
Every day the nigga talked shit but today he tried to do me
He rolled down my block with a pistol and a stare
A black khaki suit and dooky braids in his hair
The motherfucker thinks I'm slippin'
But I got my gat and a bat and a 40 and I'm sippin'
Waitin' for the fool to get out the car
The stupid motherfucker thinks I'm a star
But I'm not
I'm the type that'll kick the nigga's ass
Fast
Eazy E's a nigga that'll blast
Hold up, wait, the nigga started to load his gat
I grabbed my bat and ran around the back, yo
He's at my window, thinkin' I play Nintendo
But the stupid nigga don't know I'm behind him so
He dropped the gat like a stupid motherfucker
So I bashed his head in with my Louisville Slugger


I knew this bitch named Peaches
She often wanted me to fuck her trampy ass on the beaches
But bust it, yo, Peaches
Be fuckin' around with me, instead of fuckin' her man
She's butt-naked with my dick in her hand, yo
As soon as Peaches started suckin'
I saw this motherfuckin'
Nigga behind my car, and he was duckin'
So I told the bitch to hold on
You stupid bitch, put your motherfuckin' clothes on
I wonder if this nigga's tryna jack me
Cause I ain't got my gat with me, shit
The nigga started runnin' up fast
I thought he was gonna blast, so I hid behind her ass
She started howlin' out "wait"
I banked her in the face
But the punk nigga pulled out mace
He asked the stupid ass bitch did I mug her
So I bashed his head in with my Louisville Slugger


I'm a motherfuckin' psycho and I don't give a fuck about 'em
I kill the nigga, cut off his dick, so you know I got 'em
Cut his vein, ate his brain, left the nigga for dead
Now it's a gallon of blood, drippin' from under his bed
("Oh, no! What happened to my lover?")
Bitch, I bashed his head in with my Louisville Slugger
Bitch tried to call the cops, fuck that
I gotta take the girl out with my motherfuckin' bat
Cause I ain't doin' ten in the pen
For a bitch and her dead-ass boyfriend
So I gotta kill the ho
I'm reachin' for my weapon slow
That's when I notice some nigga standin' by the door
The little nigga said "don't kill my mother"
So I bashed his head in with my Louisville Slugger

Sorry, Jimmy
*evil laughing*
He's dead
*evil laughing*
I'm sorry, Billy
*evil laughing*
Aw shit, let's take a trip
Just sit back and light a spliff to this and don't slip
On a funky-ass track, jump back
Strapped with a gat and a sack in a 7-8 'Lac
Come clean, gangsta lean, I got green
Bud, I serve dubs like it ain't no thing
I hang with O.G. niggas, don't set trip
Or you might get a slug in your fuckin' back
I don't slack when it come to street
I kick real G shit to a gangsta beat
It's so sweet, when you got money to spend
I got a cool-ass tilt and a fly-ass Benz
I make ends, spend my dough on no ho
That's how it is and that's how it goes
Act like you know when I creep real slow
Givin' love to them niggas that I know is real G's

If you got love for dem gangstas
Let me hear you one time
If you down for the crime ("That's right, fool.")
If you got love for dem hustlas
Let me hear you say hooo
If you makin' straight dough (*hooooo*)
If you got love for dem playas
Let me hear you say ooooh, ladies, we want you (*ooooooh*)
If you got love for dem straight G's
Let me hear you mothafuckas just scream (*heeeeeeey*)

The ruthless network, drive-by expert
Straight outta Compton, kickin' up dust
The ruthless network, drive-by expert
Straight outta Compton

Dump-dump on a nigga with a quickness
And they got no cure for this sickness
I get paid for the way that I kick this
Like a G-ster, an O.G.-ster
("Who's that?") A real nigga named Eazy
And I live my life straight crazy
Don't need no punk niggas payin' me
And broke groupie-ass bitches don't faze me
I take two steps back and release myself
To put platinum-ass cuts on the record shelf
I don't brag, but I tell it like it straight up is
Before you do a record, nigga, handle your business
And don't get caught slippin' on the under
Or you might wonder (What's up on dem ends, nigga?)
I call a spade a spade, and get paid
G's show the way, so I give love to 'em

If you got love for dem gangstas
Let me hear you one time
If you down for the crime ("That's right, fool.")
If you got love for dem hustlas
Let me hear you say hooo
If you makin' straight dough (*hooooo*)
If you got love for dem playas
Let me hear you say ooooh, ladies, we want you (*ooooooh*)
If you got love for dem straight G's
Let me hear you mothafuckas just scream (*heeeeeeey*)

E-A-Z – why must I
Chase the cat and be a dog? A straight-up hog
I leapfrog to the sound of a gangsta beat
So I can hear my shit bumpin' on a Compton street
That O.G., C-R-I-P and S, G and S
Hip-Hop thugsta, so quick to rush ya
Straight to the dirt, fool, I do work
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
That's how it is when it come to me
‘Cause I'm the long dick bust-a-nut nigga named Eazy
Bitches can't see me, hoes say I'm crazy
But I don't think so, ‘cause I'm just loco
I gives a fuck about a skankless bitch
Let me hit it one time if you suck this dick
I won't trip, gives my dough to no ho
That's how it is, but I gives love to ya

If you got love for dem gangstas
Let me hear you one time
If you down for the crime ("That's right, fool.")
If you got love for dem hustlas
Let me hear you say hooo
If you makin' straight dough (*hooooo*)
If you got love for dem playas
Let me hear you say ooooh, ladies, we want you (*ooooooh*)
If you got love for dem straight G's
Let me hear you mothafuckas just scream (*heeeeeeey*)
I got beat for the street
To pump in ya jeep
Or in ya caravan wit' tha homies kinda deep
Smokin' on a thai stick feelin' kinda high wit'
Ya passenger seat occupied by a fly bitch
Rollin' in your lo-lo
Cutlass, or your M-C
Slap in the hip-hop
To hell with the Temprees
Modern day gangsta from the underground, yeah
Niggas roll around wit' the boomin' ass sound
Got the 6-4 kinda low as we bouncing
On the Grapevine rollin' deep to Magic Mountain
Hoes on ya jock everytime ya hit a corner
Because ya rollin' twisted on the gold Daytonas
Frontin' on the regular, talkin' on ya cellular
Actin' like ya don't hear the little bitches yellin' ya
Name at the bus stop, ya don't stop
Ya mash on the gas, roll right by they ass
Slap Dresta in the dash, yeah

Guranteed to hear some sweet, uh
Gangsta beat for the street
Guranteed to hear some sweet, yeah
Gangsta beat for the street

I got beat for the street, drop a ragtop fo'
Got my strap under the seat, just in case I have to check a ho
Menajahtwa on the scene, yeah
Rollin' through the C-P-T
Turn up the hump sounds, we groovin' to the mellow beat
Mad doggin' like bitches, hittin' me up like I'm a banger
Cause niggas can't stand to see us sittin' on some daynas
Pimpin' game on the fools, runnin' the track thinkin' ya gone
'n if the twizza I ain't tweakin', chump, we puttin' the lock on it, yeah


Beat for the street
I love to hear it pumpin' in my lo-lo
Hittin' my switches and runnin' the bitches
And now I'm bustin' mo' hoes
Roll up to the swapmeet, hop out and hit the chirp chirp
Bail in put on some proper shorts and a proper shirt
Just clownin' cause hoes are in the house
Ridin' my dick because I got fame and my name is B.G. Knocc Out
Asking to be in my next video
Get the 7 digits, slap that ass and said "See ya, ho"
Now I'm off like a G, flee to the C-P-T
See my niggas on the block gettin' tipsy
I pulled up and start tearin' up the street
And guess what's in my motherfuckin' deck
Gangsta beat for the street


I got beat for the street, to the beach I'll be rollin'
Never see me strollin'
40s I be holdin'
Girls in the Daisies
Drive Eazy crazy
Rolled up my windows, as I turned on my A/C
Rollin' down Crenshaw see tha hoes jockin'
Sunday night's poppin'
See the foes hoppin'
My stereos bump at that A-T-L funk
You can call it what you want
Either way that shit bumps

Bein' a gangsta is so neat, yeah
Gangsta beat for the street
Only if you want it
Yes I really want it
Only if you want it
Yes I really want it
Only if you want it
Yes I really want it
Only if you want it
Yes I really want it

Can I get an eye open up
Eazy locin' up, Smokin' up
Much dust like a nut what
Give it up for the real stuff
Shut the what up
Back that shit up, what?
Hustler from the hood ho
Hopping in my trunk
The finishing touches
Would show what rough is
Coming in bunches
Could serve like lunches
Hold ya horses here's where the source is
Not very tall but never took a short kid
With a clip to claw
Wouldn't draw Mcgraw
I trick a law before all and all I'm raw
A naughty shorty, sporty with a forty
A lordy taking tours, just to plan a orgy
A nasty critter, any ho hitter
Hated my babysitter cause she wouldn't let me hit her
Now get up on it, on and on get on it
And I will pump it, only if you want it


Here's something from the ding dong cause
I really care how long ya been strong grown
Here comes permastoned cone
Couldn't hang with the king of the records
But I call for a yes y'all toots
My style is just as fresh as a dusch bush
I push a record through a heifer like a woody wooder
And if I left then that means that I should've booger
Here's a new track, for all the new jacks
I'm kicking it the hardest so gimme my shoes back
So I limp when I step it's the pimp
And I rep so make a right and get left quick
So try to play strong and long gone
The flow is kinda funky but far from Armstrong
Get up on it, on and on get on it
And I will pump it, only if you want it


 Ooooooh a new jack! a new jack!
 Kid I swear I saw a puddy cat
Back back smack, here comes a witty black
Enemies go hide I'm bout to show why
Eazy's peeling caps cause my gats in the low ride
Bang when the gat speaks, two in the back seat
My homie rides shotgun waiting to spot one
Duz is a fool who don't run, duck, dive and slide to a ride
I'm shudder shaking the place when I start hey
So don't butter me, Eazy-E but a park hey
The only thing the flow needs now to be fly is a feather
I see the smiling faces in wilding places
Ya know me better, hard rotty kid
Killed Cali kid, now ya know it boy
Left up in the alley dead
Now get up on it, on and on get on it
And I will pump it, only if you want it
"I still express, yo, I don't smoke weed or sess."
Bitch!

Ah, greetings eartlings
And welcome to the motherfuckin' wonderful
Wonderful, motherfuckin' world of gettin' higher than a motherfucker
Oh me, I'm funk on your mind
Alias to you motherfuckers Roach Clip
And this here is my Kimosabe dumpin' shit on your ass
And my nigga goes by the name of B.G. Ash Trey
And we 3-65, that means we're fucked up all year round
And our motto is:

Gettin' higher than a motherfucker
Down to the laaast roach

Creepin' through this cloud of smoke
With a little bit of funk to make ya choke in
Gangstas come feel good inside
As we take you for a ride to another dimension
Deep from a 40 OZ
Two crooked ass niggas on a cosmic journey
Straight from the planet G
Where the real niggas dwell in the realms of Ruthless
Took a puff of the indo spliff
High like a bird as I creep to the bud spot
Break me off a proper piece
So I can get fucked up with my nigga Roach Clip
B.G. Ash Tray, dump that ass Dre
Ruthless family, high as you can be
Smoke that psychadelically insane
And gettin' higher than a motherfucker


As I step through the smoke
Deep from a land broke niggas don't come to
Straight to Indonesia
Chronic fever
Step off punk, we don't need ya
Blaze a blunt to the boogie
And come take a ride on a journey with a real G
Life is easily explained on a level
Of smokin' bud with the motherfuckin' devil
In my imagination
Sup with these thoughts what a fly creation
Indo smoke from the land of G's
Lettin' them know they can't handle these, niggas
Straight from the planet dime
I have come, to put funk on your mind
Eazy-E better known as Mr. Roach Clip
So pass the bud cause we still gettin' higher than a motherfucker


Now I'm real fucked up yes, high as hell
Ring ding ding do I hear some bells
Or am I just trippin'
Thinkin' about that 4 that I'm dippin'
Front, back, side to side
On corners that's how a nigga gotta ride
Dip to the, dip to the, dip to the back
Bumpin' Eazy-E on 8 track
So blaze up a another skunky, funky, dookie, doobie
So we can get loogied
Up some more, up, up it go
What's my name "Eazy-E", yo, the motherfuckin' bud smokin' loc 'n
When I'm high as a kite causing ruckus, yeah
Gettin' higher than a motherfucker


 Substance?
 Mar-a-motherfuckin'-wana
 Common slang names?
 Pot, grass, dope, weed, homegrown, sinsemilla, maui-wowie, thai sticks, joints, roaches, indica, concentrated rezi called hash or hashish. But some niggas call it bud
 Active ingredient?
 Tetrahydrocannabinol ... THC
 Source?
 Cannabis Sativa
 Pharmacologic classification?
 CNS depressive hallucigent
 Medical use?
 Experimental only, oh yeah, we still testin'. And don't forget, we still gettin' higher than a motherfucker
1,2,3, and to the 4
Eazy muthafuckin' E
With the chrome to your dome
Cruisin' in my '64 rag top
I got a lot of juice
A lot of fuckin' block
Now when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
Keep the gat in my lap
Cuz I'm fully strapped
For the car jackers
Fuck no hapsters
I pack a Tech-9
Plus a AK-47
Send a one way ticket to my hell
Or maybe heaven, peep
Nigga I don't sleep
Bury muthafuckas in the concrete
You try creep kinda slow in a Astro
But I peep you niggas out in my left window
So I blast and I blast til I blast no mo
Yo, they call a muthafucka John Doe

Cuz when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
Cuz when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
Cuz when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
Cuz when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'

Be a witness to murda
Niggas bustin' out of a '64 Chevy
Straight callin' my city
Niggas be winnin' and gettin' busy
Wit a tizy
Through my city
Chalk lines hang
Niggas bang
Chevy's swang like it ain't no thang
The gangs bang
So nigga tuck your chain
And try to duck this thang
End up puffin' one stuck in you brain
To refrain from this game of stressin'
Smokin' on water
And fin to bang your daughter
All up in the Best Western
She like the way that my '64 hop
Drop the top
Grab a rock
Now she's givin' me top
Non stop on the R-O-C
Like the way she made me scream
So I two-wayed my nigga Eazy-E

Cuz when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'

Old nigga E still cruisin'
Punk stay up on the nuts and the bone
Pussy nigga had beef knocked out of his teeth
The muthafucka should have stayed his ass home
Hey yo peep them bitchez in the Honda
4 deep with the proper ass sounds
Now every time that I meet a fine cute bitch
She got a friend from the fuckin' Dog Pound
Hey yo bitch
Here's the seven digits
Call me if you can
Only if you want it
Let a nigga know
Can I dig like a miner, 49er
Diggin' for gold from behind her
Watch this nigga do some diggin'
Pop that pussy on a platter
Watch this nigga do some diggin'
Loose or tight it doesn't matter
YO!

Cuz when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'

Hit them swithez 
Hit them swithez 
Hit the swithez 
Make it bounce 
Hit them swithez 
Hit them swithez 
Hit the swithez 
Make it bounce 

Cuz when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
Cuz when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
When I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'

That's right nigga
We back
That real gangsta shit
From one of the realest niggas in this game
You know his name nigga
24 hours to live...
24 hours to live...
Seven-thousand, four hundred, twenty three grains
Of sand drop from the hourglass
It's how much time I got left on this planet
Some motherfucker's gotta die!
I'm an evil motherfucker ready to tear shit up
I'm gonna put these things on you, and never let up
See, my momma...she was wrong when I was born
That a nigga like E should'a never been born
Too late, big mistake in '72
It's '92, now the year of code blue
15 hours..11 minutes..30 seconds
I'm a motherfuckin' wreck
Gonna pay back niggas who did me wrong in the past
My days ain't long
I'm comin' strong and fast
Lock up 8 niggs..kill up 10 pigs
Innocent and fuckers are also dyin, too
Now what else can I do?
Fuck, fuck, fuck and plant my seeds
Leavin' kids in this world like me
The lunatic psycho mutherfucka Eazy-E
Chorus (sang)
24 hours to live
But I don't wanna die
24 hours to live
Oh why, oh why?
Must die
Sky diving, scuba diving
To Evel Knievel stunt car drivin'
Bungee cord jumpin' off a bridge
It's hard to breathe with a fractured rib
I can't take this shit
Let me see how much more time I got to spend
Hit more skins
Back up in her pussy
Up in the butt
I gotta let off
A few more nuts
I'm starting to panic
I'm starting to sweat
Cause I don't really wanna die yet
Dizzy spells, flashbacks in my head
Niggas ain't want me to bein' happy when I'm dead
But I ain't goin' out unless 30 niggas die
I'm dying anyway so I'm thinking suicide
Run into a crowd of niggas dyin' by the pistol
Took the motheruckin' whistle
Chorus
To sweep with the feet when he hit the concrete
Chop him up, dice him up and sacrifice his meat
Drag him by his ankles to the cemetary
(Screams)
Shut the fuck up nigga
Cause you ain't seen shit
I'm 'bout to take this blade and staight up grip
I'm holdin' the neck of the devil and drink his blood
Allowing my soul to be polluted by his evil root
And now I'm mad insane, red as rose as I strain for my hearbeat
To thumpety-thump to pump, it might burst
False alarms, and no harm that will commit to the E
But now I'm down to an hour 23
Time is moving fast, but not that slow
I thought I had an hour, but it's seconds left the go
I ran into the office
No more time is left
I ran up to the doctor with a bomb to my (BOOM)
Chorus
Spoken:
As I lay me down to sleep
I pray the lord my soul to keep
As time winds down to it's last 24 hours
In an earth that weighs 60 trillion tons
Travelling 1,037 1/3 mph, how do you define time?
What is a minute?
How important is an hour when 24 hours becomes a lifetime
Oooooh, so define how do we define time?
Now you choose
How will you spend your last 24 hours?
C'mon..talk to me
3X Chorus ("must die" is faded into next chorus loop)
"Gimmie this, gimmie that, gimmie this, gimmie that
Bitch, step back and stop tryna jack."

"But mister dopeman, dopeman, can I get a hit?"

"No, ho, but you can get my duck sick."

But let me finish my story as I was sayin'
I told you lil locs ain't playin'
Gotta roll with the punches
Can't help the travellin' bunches
Now, ain't that somethin'
Just in case a few niggas try to trip
Bone-out, put on my ski-mask and come back blastin'
Cause niggas my height don't fight
My name is Eazy-E, you're motherfuckin' right
They must to thought I was a busta
You're wearin' your bullet-proof vest
So what's next?
I got my nine filled up with teflon
And don't let me hit the wetbomb
So what ya wanna do?
The red, white and blue
I got some for you, too
Cause it gonna be on when I'm kickin' down doors
So say hello to my new 44

I'm the type of nigga
That smokes motherfuckers
I'm the type of nigga
That smokes motherfuckers
I don't give a fuck fuck
Smoke motherfuckers
I'mma smoke motherfuckers
Cause I'm the "E"

So you can kiss my black ass
Fuck the White House, it ain't my house
So you can burn the motherfuckers down for all I care
Cause t-shirts and khakies is all I wear
I'm from the city where they show no pity for a punk ass mark in the park
Blow his brains out, stuff him in the bushes
Take his gat, leave his ass for the rats
And if he hit that Cisco
I got a 187 on my pistol
Wanted by the L.A.P.D.K
For puttin' in work out my tray
Because the president never sent
One damn dime to my residence
I'm goin' crazy like 1980
I need my ends, fuck you, pay me
Or I'mma have to get the strap
My Nutty O.G. buddy Big Black
I make you shit in your pants and shake like Jell-O
So tell all my homies said hello

I'm the type of nigga
That smokes motherfuckers
I'm the type of nigga
That smokes motherfuckers
I don't give a fuck
Smoke motherfuckers
Smoke motherfuckers
Like it ain't no thang

You can't check a checker
But when you wanna try let me know
I got the strecher on stand-by
Starvin' for a nigga like you
That thinks his heart is much bigger than a trigger
So I can show how to put in work:
The Ruthless network drive-by experts
Straight outta Compton, kickin' up dust
The place where guns don't get a chance to rust
I warned them and they still approached me
Now I got two more golf-hats for my trophy
I got a brand new trend, it's killin' men
Who is that?
That's my little friend

I don't give a fuck
I don't give a fuck
I don't give a fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
I don't give a fuck
I don't give a fuck
Smoke motherfuckers like it ain't no thang
Eazy-E: Yo Dre, where's the goddamn drum machine?
Dr. Dre: Ah shit, I left the motherfucker with Pooh
Eazy-E: You dumb motherfucker what the fuck we gon' do now?
Dr. Dre: I don't know
Yella: Hey man I got some drums in the back
Dr. Dre: What the fuck is he talking bout
MC Ren: Do we look like we can play some fucking drums?
Yella: Man I can play the drums
Everyone: Bullshit!
Yella: Man I used to fuck it up at Compton High
Eazy-E: You motherfucking high
MC Ren: You fat guy
Yella:  Bullshit!
MC Ren: Give this nigga some sticks
*Drum roll*
MC Ren: Yo, fuck it up Yella

Yo we're two hard motherfuckers
Taking out any punk ass suckers
Can you believe this? if so be frightened
We're strong as fuck, with the power of a titan
Setting a mark of destruction get it
So don't front, and say you ain't with it
You wanna rumble with us you can't hang
Because we're something like a two man gang
Starting some shit is what we do best
Just care about ourself and say fuck the rest
So yo Eazy (wassup), bust it and shoot to kill
And tell these stupid motherfuckers the deal

I look you dead in the eye then I spit (yeah)
I tell you to your face punk you ain't shit (you ain't shit)
I don't give a god damn about feelings
I'm just happy just as long as I'm killing
A 187's in progress, nigga
Just as soon as I pull this trigger
Automatic heavily, I start firing
And the kids on the block, I'm the one they're admiring
A bad mouth nigga on the violent tip
I catch you talking some shit and I'mma bust your lip
Now who you gonna tell that I'm making you soft
The police ain't shit cause I'm paying 'em off
I move slow, always ready to go so fuck it (so fuck it)
And bitches on my dick, they know that they can suck it
I'm a hardhead, always having a fit
When I'm not allowed to tear up shit
I'm a hard motherfucker (I'm hard motherfucker)

Two of the hardest motherfuckers
Two of the hardest motherfuckers
Two of the hardest motherfuckers

Now look at me I'm a crazed bitch
With a gangster profanity pitch
Ren is a nigga that don't give a fuck
To a pussy ass fool trying to press his luck
I'm ready to scrap that's if you're ready to go
I'll take you out going toe to toe
E will start a conversion and hit you from the back
While you getting fucked by a ruthless jack
Critical condition is what you receive
Thinking of some back up to go and retrieve
But Eazy tell what would happen my man
They would get fucked up by a ruthless clan
So it's simple, we don't give a fuck, right?
So you and your boy can get the fuck out my sight
I'm on tilt with class getting ready to blast
Cause I'm a hard motherfucker

Two of the hardest motherfuckers
Two of the hardest motherfuckers
Two of the hardest motherfuckers
Two of the hardest motherfuckers

Eazy and Ren is fucking it up again
Scheming up a plot before we begin
Because niggas like to stare like a bitch sometimes
They say how could them niggas have some hell of a rhymes
It's simple tell 'em what we mean
When the two baddest motherfuckers step on the scene
Now this is some shit -  Yo what are you saying
You stupid motherfuckers, they think I'm playing
Talking all kind of shit of shit but I'm cracking it up
I can afford to laugh cause I'm backing it up
I'm not a buster I'm more like a hitman
So if you don't wanna throw then you can get down
You don't like the fuck away from me
So you can stop the shit, trying to fuck the E

You heard what he said and it's the truth so whats up
So if you want me to go well I'm about to nut up
The two baddest motherfuckers alive
So I don't think that you and your boys can survive
You gotta girl, well if she's good to go
I bet me and E already fucked the ho
A train was in effect and your bitch was rocked
By a hell of a nigga that was hard to stop
Yo Ren lets jet let's get the fuck on out
Because everybody knows what we're talking about
We're two hard motherfuckers

Two of the hardest motherfuckers
Two of the hardest motherfuckers
Two of the hardest motherfuckers
Two of the hardest motherfuckers
Two of the hardest motherfuckers

Like that like that
Break it down again, come on Yella break it down
Can I get a another role (one time)
It little simple for you
Break it down to break shine
Let me get a funky role right here
Aight on the 3, on the 2
Ah yeah here we go y'all, break it down on the 1
Here we go, let me get a funky role right here
Two times, two time, two time..
One and then comes the two to the motherfuckin' three
Then comes the Eazy to the other fuckin' E
Playin' niggas life like a puppet
And can't dance
But could touch it, so fuck it
Rappers want to diss I'm glad to see `em
Cause I rip your fuckin' face outta a magazine
O.G. gangsta lean
Now after I shit your face wipes that ass clean
Time to get tipsy
And don't want a bitch if she can't rub the balls like a gypsy
Who's all in?
Since you put yourself on my dick I put my nuts on your chin

Nuts on your chin
Since you put yourself on my dick I put my nuts on your chin
Nuts on your chin
Since you put yourself on my dick I put my nuts on your chin

Motherfuck what ya heard I'm more than that
A real nigga from the hood and I'm all of that
Thick as a hicky
A picky nigga fittin' dickies with bitches strictly dickly
Many sets I rolled on
And killed squeals that told on, my homies they sold on
Don't ask Eazy shit
It's still a hit is a hit, and a bitch is a bitch
Hangin' on my nuts like a hair strand
Hangin' there with n'ear heart, and n'ear plan
Ass out like an asshole
Runnin' to my dick with a rhyme and a lasso
Again and again
From beginning to end it's my nuts on your
Chin


You couldn't beat a minute of my ass, if I gave you sixty seconds
Tick tock, shit starts, I start a steppin'
E to the motherfuckin' A to the motherfuckin' Z, here's the Y, here's the E
Here to stay
After you when I'm through
Check me and Rodney King Fuck Tha Police part 2
Now back to my friends
Nuts to ya nose to ya lips to ya chin
Real niggas love us, hussies never fuck us
The roughest ruckas fingers couldn't touch us
Eazy E's back again
Fuck waitin' For a pay day get an A.K
Everyday is a blast, yeah, blast a nigga fast knock his ass get all the cash
Who's all in?
Since you put yourself on my dick I put my nuts on your chin


"N.W.A. - Niggas With Attitude. We're underground reporters we tell about, you know, the streets and everything that goes on, you know, around in Compton, in our area, what's going around around us, we don't know what the fuck's going around by you. But frankly we don't give a fuck, you know. Most kids in Compton don't give a fuck who the mayor or the president is. You know they're not even interested in votin'. And the police, you know what I'm sayin'? I say fuck em."
 "What ya doing daddy, what ya doing daddy?"
 "I'm sitting here writing this song about baby's mothers, who, uh, try to sue the daddys for child support, even though daddy's taking care of the baby. But the mother's just, you know, scandalous and I'd just like to say..."

Fuck my baby's mama, the bitch got drama
Fuck my baby's mama
Cause she's the type of bitch that wanna see me broke
Broker than a joke, bitch stole my role
And every time I see the bitch, she needs cash
She make me wanna slap her ass
Trifling bitch, always got me in a fix
The low life Compton-shopping-swap-meet trick
I wanna kill the ho
Then slam her in the trunk of my six four
Cause yo, that ho made my dick grow
And now her lawyer's at every show
Waiting for me to kick in my dough
But before I go, I'm on death row
Cause the bitch had too much drama
Fuck my baby's mama

Fuck my baby's mama (that bitch)

Fuck my baby's mama, the bitch got drama
And I'm not the one
I should just knock her punk ass out
While I'm in court paying child support
But then I gotta deal with the father and the steel
And he's the type of nigga that a nigga's gotta kill
Make me kick up a grip, I don't like her
Cause the bitch is buying skirts instead of diapers
Begging so much to hold hands it startin' to look like cuffs
I wish I never fucked
But that's too late. How much you laid?
Cause according to your income, you might have to spend some
Time behind bars, now you find it hard
I never thought a bitch would pull a stunt like this
I can't do another day with Pamela
So I'mma pay ya', Anna
But I'd just like to say


I think of all the money I spent on a lawyer, I used to be an employer
But now I'm just an employee, filing bankruptcy
But now the punk bitch can't touch me
Uh, I only call her to check up on my daughter
So now she got a restraining order
Put me to the curb and had the nerve to ask to borrow a dime
Bitch, you must be out your rabid ass mind
Huh, love for start will take much you see
The bitch broke me so now I need a crutch
But you gotta understand a judge don't give a fuck
About a young nigga that's down on his luck
So I gotta put the P down and be down for the calls
And give the bitch back her drawers
So if your driving by and you see her
Do me a favor, give the bitch the finger
Fuck her


You biiiiiiiitch
(Laughter), that's fucked up
Go to hell (laughter)
We dedicate this number to you (laughter)
This one's for you
This evening's news report
See you 'round, buddy boy
Sippin' on a 40
And smoking endo
Sippin' on a 40
And smoking endo

Ayo, let's roll to the store, Eazy-E
So we can buy us some O.E. 40oz
Gettin' a buzz with the thugs in the neighborhood's back
But buy you a couple of extra one's for the neighborhood rats

Nigga, you be drinkin' out my bottle, bitch, that's bullshit
Still got semen on ya lips from the homies dick
Trick yo the home girl
But sit you like a loose goose
So gimmie a couple of dollars, so I can bring you back a duece duece

Well, bring B.G. Knocc Out back a motherfuckin' 40o'
So me and my nigga Big Boy can go and cop some endo
And well be right back at you niggas with a quick fast
Dresta, don't forget to buy a couple of packs of Zig-Zags

Sippin' on a 40
(8-ball rollin')
And smoking endo
(nick name Eazy-E)
Sippin' on a 40
(8-ball rollin')
And smoking endo
(Drinkin' like a mad man yes I do)

Back to the store all the 40 o's were kinda hot

Get the shit or not

Naw, lets roll to another spot
Back in the '4 to another store

I told you the store on 124th keep the cold brew
*Speakin' Spanish*
Make a right

The Store ain't in sight

Nigga, it's right pass, the next light
Pass across the light
Now, here's what you gotta do
Get in ya left lane and make a motherfuckin' U

Let's get at least 10 40's and at least 10 22's
That should be enough for the whole motherfuckin' crew
Plus they got endo a nigga's gonna be double blitz

Oh, give me some Zig-Zags and two packs of Doublemint


Yo Dresta

What's up

Did you bring back some gum?

Hell yeah

Good, now a nigga breath won't be yo hum
Now pass me a stick
So I can spit game at this trick
Cause beer breath and tricks don't mix

Y'all don't give a fuck what a punk bitch stank
Cause my breath always stank every time I take a drank
40's I be downin', I'm drownin' myself
Let me hit the joint and I'll be clownin' everybody else

You won't be clownin' me, cause I got jokes for your trick ass
Oh bitch you tryin' tah bag, I got jokes for your bitch ass
Well, let me hit the joint once again and we can go, G
But, oh, let me take another sip off the O.E
MC Ren: Yo Dre, how much time we got left on ths tape?
Dr. Dre: About a couple of minutes
MC Ren: Well let me bust a freestyle then
Dr. Dre: Awright, go ahead

Ruthless gangsta, definition villain
Leave your shit unlocked and he's stealin'
So call tha police cause that's all you could do but
He'll get away without leavin' a clue
Dr. Dre: Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit
Eh yo Yella boy why don't you rewind it
Hey, man you gotta get more hyped up than that
MC Ren: Damn, why don't you pump this shit up so it could fuck up my eardrums a little bit!
Dr. Dre: Allright bet

Ruthless gangsta, definition villain
Leave your shit unlocked and it's stealin'
So call tha police cause that's all you could do but
He'll get away without leavin' a clue
Keepin' shit in control like the neighboorhood chief but
Referred to as a walking thief
They say he's a bad influence for the kids on the block
Why the fuck they blamin' him he's the one that they jock
Keepin' niggas in line, whoever fucks with his rhyme
And before you fuck with him you gotta fuck with his nine
Not scared to pull the trigger on a punk ass nigga
He could whoop his ass cause he's bigger
Size don't mean shit he's from the old school fool
He's a villain from the streets and he's supposed to rule
Not sayin' he's in shit but he's down for mine
He was put on the streets to keep niggas in line
Never givin' a fuck, cause you jealous of E
Because I know that he's a nigga that you want to be
He can't help it he's in shit but he don't hold shit back
He's a gangsta in black and he's about to attack

Cause I'm a ruthless villain, cold tearin' shit up
Don't come on my face, pumpin' no kind of junk
Eazy-E's in control and if you press your luck
I'll smoke you like that and won't give a fuck

"Nickname Eazy-E...Ol' 8-Ball junkie!"

Ruthless gangsta, definition villain
You can lock up yo' shit, he's still stealin'
Gettin' respect cause the boy kicks butt
But the real meaning is he don't give a fuck
It's Eazy-E in the crowd but he's not in the 4
I tell his money flow as he collects from his ho'
All expenses paid for the rhymes that he made
Gold trophies in the house for the girls that he laid
Not a wimp he's a pimp, now of course he's the boss
So keep your bitch out his face or else she's gonna get tossed
The hard to be fucked with, the boy got heart
Wanna fuck with him, he'll rip your head apart
Gangsta Gangsta, that's what they yellin'
But him with his gangsta stroll he keeps bailin'
Wherever he goes there's no discussion but silence
They say that he's the one promotin' gang violence
That's a lie just a critic all that whack bullshit
So let me tell you motherfuckers who you fuckin' with

Cause I'm a ruthless villain, cold tearin' shit up
Don't come on my face, pumpin' no kind of junk
Eazy-E's in control and if you press your luck
I'll smoke you like that and won't give a fuck
Eazy-E: Yo Ren?
MC Ren: What's up?
Eazy-E: Let's get the fuck outta here!
Greg Mack: This is radio station K-EAZY-E
Hi, this is Greg Mack, Mack Attack, and we're gonna go to the phones right now and find out what's goin' on. Hello, who is this ?
MC Ren: Yo, what's up? This is Lorenzo Patterson
Greg Mack: Yo man, where you calling from ?
MC Ren: I'm calling from Compton and I wanna hear Eazy E's new record
Greg Mack: What's it called man?
MC Ren: Yo, it's called "Radio"
Greg Mack: We got it, you called the right station. And here it is

Eazy E rockin' non stop on the radio
With the funky fresh hip hop in stereo
Release some rhymes that you will find demandin'
With Dre's beats that are so outstandin'
I'm gettin' busy if you know what I mean
Always settin' me a mark in the hip hop scene
On the radio the greatest of all times
Like Muhammad Ali cause I punch rhymes
So tune your station, and clear all the static
And tell the truth: you didn't know that I had it
In me, to be easy about the situation
So just kick it and listen to the station
Playin' my music, it's hard to lose it
It's constantly on request cause you choose it
I'm Eazy E, my rap is strong
And your radio's def when my record's on

I'm on the...

Dr.Dre: Yeah, ruthless radio is in effect, Dr. Dre and Yella boy is in ya system, and right about now we got Eazy E and MC Ren in the studio taking calls. So give'em a call and ask'em how they're doin'
*Ring*
Eazy-E: Hello, this is Eazy E. What's your name ?
Joyce: Hi, this is Joyce, I'd like to know if I can have your phone number?
Eazy-E: Yes, it's 9-7-6...
*Click*

Now I wanna turn up my box, and make much noise
And rock the party and shock all the B-boys
Take on my radio from phono to tuner
I wouldn't have did it, later but sooner
Now I move my antenna to the center
Then grab a hold of the handle and enter
Then bust a rhyme, you know I won't quit it
Am I lyin', Ren ? (Man, you know you're with it)
Your request is clear, that you're givin'
Without Eazy E you wouldn't be livin'
With me on a top 10, or a mix show
So hit your power button, and let's go
On vacation, with your station
That's playin' live in every location
Blowin' out ya speaker
It won't get weaker
I'll keep rockin' till I hit the peek
And your station is dope E-A-Z-Y
It's on the air, but you axe why
I took out the cursin', and took rehearsin'
I feel dry, you know that I'm thirstin'
To get busy; I don't quit it
And once you hear my cut, I know you're gonna get it
Then bust a rhyme, while you're clappin' your hands
It's Eazy E on the air (rockin' without a band)

: You're on the radio, on K-EAZY-E, with Greg Mac. Don't forget to
Join us this friday night live, we'll be jammin' it uptown with my
Homeboys Eazy E, of course, N.W.A. and the whole Compton posse
Can't make it out but, hey, stay eazy, and stay it on K-EAZY-E...
With more...radio

Now disc jockeys are playin' me in rotation
Hittin' number one spots across the nation
I'm on the charts, you can go list'em
But now listen, I'm on your system
AM or FM, I'm in power
You hear my music once every hour
So listen up to the rhyme and percussion
But do this with no discussion
Eazy's easin' fans I'm pleasin'
Why, I'm on top yo, I got reason
With no profanity, but what can I say
Yo Dre (What up ?) Do it your way
On the radio you get more looser
Take my word you're a dope producer
We combine to put out hits
But jealous people, they just have fits
Cause we get airplay, but we're not thru
Dre, am I serious ? (Cold word) Well thank you !
People that hear me, they know what I'm sayin'
On the air, I don't be playin'
Just gettin' my point across to the public
Rhymin' on the radio, that's my subject
I can play (rock), but I prefer (hip hop)
It's Eazy E on your radio non stop !

: Yo, this is MC Ren, can you comprehend ? We're for bite just like TNT. Yo, what's the time?
: Hi, my name is Tushie and I'd like to know when your 12" record is coming out
: Yo, it ought to be out real soon, so just keep looking in your local record store!
 Yo, can I speak to Dre?
: Yo what's up? This is Dre
 Hey Dre, this is Stan. Remember me?
: Yeah man, I remember you! What's up, homeboy?
: Yeah man, I play guitar on this record! I wanna know when I get Paid, motha...?
{Plop}
: You got ganked...
Hello, you're on the air. What's up?
: Hello, we'd like to speak to that cutie pie DJ Speed
: Yo, this is DJ Speed. What's up?
: The joke's on you, Jack! Hahaha!
: Hello, you're on the air
: Hey, what's up ? This is Nasty Naz callin' from Seattle
: Hey, what's happenin', homeboy?
: I'm callin' to be on Eazy E's new record, "Radio"
: Man, you're late. The record is already o...
19 muthaphukkin 9-3
And I'm back in this, bitch
Eazy-muthaphukkin-E the hip hop thugsta
Shout goes out to those fake-ass notorious, hahaha
Muthaphukkin wannabes
I'd like to say what's up to my bitch Dre, haha
What's up honey
Ho go make E some mo' money, baby
And to that skinny ass, punk muthaphukkin mangy-ass trick
Snoop Doggy Doggy Dogg, what's up nigga
Dog catchers about to get ya
Muthaphukkin mutt
And if y'all niggas don't know what's up
Y'all better ask somebody
Y'all better ask somebody
Y'all better ask somebody
Big titty chitty bang bang sittin' on a dick
Tryin' to play a pimp by the fifteen tricks
Hoes play with me weekly
So I'm down wit ol' ho play with my pee pee
Eazy muthaphukkin' access
Saggy baggy ass pants for a happy ass bitch
Ho ho ho to the ho in the cold
Ski to the E or piss in the snow
I take a ho from the show to the mo' to the flo'
To the inches below, now the ho has gotta go
Pussy just as hairy as a panda, pinker than pink panther
Panty expander, tricks lick long while I lap hard long and fast
While I'm pimpin' honey's ass

Throwin' harder with Barbara
Seein' sexy with Betsy
Gettin' ready for Betty
I hit the hooker heavy
I hit the hooker heavy
Ready to.... (x4)

Use a finger to wet them real niggas comes to spread'em
Hittin' other peoples bitches so I'm comin' to ya weddin'
Head and the bill in the dark I begin with my dick
So you can say I have a head start
Comin' from the south of the border, cause I'm shorter
Than ya thought I was your wife, whore, daughter in the order
Fuck all that one-man one-bitch shit
One condom, one dick, switch
To another after I'm done with the rubber
You can lick me like a lover wipe your mouth on the cover
I never dilly dally pimpin' Susan and Sally
Now you can find the couchie from Miami to Cali

Throwin' harder with Barbara
Seein' sexy with Betsy
Gettin' ready for Betty
I hit the hooker heavy
I hit the hooker heavy
Ready to.... (x4)

Bitches comin' with it for doublemint
Lookin' for ya homies
Hoes blow me like they owe me
I got a strip I hit when I'm lonely
Hit a bitch with a whip and she'll run like Toby
So never clown me fool I'm from the true school
Wit true sluts lookin' for a crew screw
I flip and I flow when they go kinda low
Ho better have my dough so suck silly
Hookers could stay
Oh, you don't touch nuts? Really? Hooker, good day
Adios, disappear like a smoke, your ejected
By a dick that's erect bitch
Sometimes I think I'm losin' it, a lunatic
With a lot of automatic shit with clips
It ain't no thang to me it's the same ol' slang to me
I roll with a long size gang with me

Throwin' harder with Barbara
Seein' sexy with Betsy
Gettin' ready for Betty
I hit the hooker heavy
I hit the hooker heavy
Ready to.... (x8)
"I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in me though he die, yet shall re-live. And whoever lives and believes in me shall never die. Shhhhhhhh, shut up, bitch. Fear not them which kill the body. Rather fear him that's able to destroy both body and soul in hell. Get thee behind me Satan and push me along."

"All this power I will give thee, if thou there for will worship me, all shall be thine."

"Come with me, bitch, as we walk through the door backwards. Heaven in art which father our, our father which art in heaven."
(Hey motherfucker!)
*gunshot*

"See ya 'round, buddy boy."
Eazy ... E , Eazy ... E
Padapapow... Eazy, padapapow... E
Padapapow... Eazy, padapapow... E

It's that man comin' up from that land of tha C-P-T
("What's my motherfuckin' name?" - Snoop) Eazy-E
Comin' thru with a big lick for '94
Showin' alla y'all them true-ass gangsta flows
So bow-down bow-wow the big dog’s in town
And them guts is the only thing a nigga pound
Laid back as I blow a fat sack
Hittin' switches for them bitches, been in corners in a Cadillac
So take a ride on tha ruthless side
With the E to the A-Z-Y
That nigga makin' more off yo hits than you do
You fools, need to recognize this crew when I roll through
Tryin' to speak up on tha OG, nigga you don't know me
Break em off these nuts lil wanna-be
Cause I peel caps if need be
And ain't nothin' you gonna bring don't see me
Just tah let U know...

One more time for the rhyme again
Comin' from the C-O-M-P-T-O-N
Just tah let U know
Just tah let U know
One more time for the rhyme again
Comin' from the C-O-M-P-T-O-N
Just tah let U know
Just tah let U know

It's the E comin' up from the gank
So nigga let me ride all the way to the bank
Coz ain't nuthin' on my mind but them chips
Gotta have a griff, run a nigga dip
Back to the past on the Compton streetz
Where the niggas get beat when us gangstas meet
And fools gettin' mad coz they can't ride like I ride
Front 'n back, dippin' side to side
And it's been like that since I was BG
"It's the E," that's what they scream when they see me
Mama said every day is like this
Fools screamin' that I put em in a twist
Thought you had it bad, isn't really all good
If the homies only knew in the hood
That you was gettin' done like a two dollar ho
It's just a lil something from the E tah let U know...

One more time for the rhyme again
Comin' from the C-O-M-P-T-O-N
Just tah let U know
Just tah let U know
One more time for the rhyme again
Comin' from the C-O-M-P-T-O-N
Just tah let U know
Just tah let U know

It's still the C-P-T, nuthin' more, nuthin' less
On a quest to put that bomb in my chest
Coz them busta-ass niggas can't see what I'm sayin'
They think the E be playin' 
But I ain't givin' up nuthin' but this Glock in yo mouth
So recognize that and get yo punk ass knocked out
So if you wanna ride nigga jump on in
Sip a cup o' gin. Ain't no friends when it come to ends
So no hard feelings when you niggas be dealin'
With the original Compton criminal
Coz the only thing poppin' is a snaps
And ain't no fun when a nigga be tap perhaps
But a nigga like the E ain't trippin' though
I'm just here tah let U niggas know...

One more time for the rhyme again
Comin' from the C-O-M-P-T-O-N
Just tah let U know
Just tah let U know
One more time for the rhyme again
Comin' from the C-O-M-P-T-O-N
Just tah let U know
Just tah let U know

You have your own freedom of choice
So you do what the fuck you feel like doin
Take it from me, that streetwise motherfucker named Eazy E
YEAH!
Black niggaaaaaaaaaa
YEAH!
Killa killa killa killa

Black nigga killa
Hate brought death
Around the block as the hollow points bust though the punks back
Raising gang feel no pain  as I penetrate
Niggas fly deep as I strike a quick pace
I got the evil of a dead nigga trapped in my mind
So my soul is a threat to my mankind
Born to kill I'm wicked by nature
Cause the streets of my neighborhood breed young hell raisers
I'm 30 ot 6 with the scope
I make a skinhead brain bust all across the West Coast
Motherfuckers catchin heat
As I bring anger
And release more danger from my chamber
The evil in my blood is possessed
So I creep low from the back slow and puts lead in that nigga's flesh
Ain't no hope, every nigga wants to be the nine milla on the trigga
The black nigga killa


Deep from the death as I crept
I can feel his Glock in the back of my neck
I'm thinkin to myself "what the fuck" as I pause
I can feel my heart thumpin from my balls
Up against his gun what the fuck could I do?
If I make a wrong move, the nigga might shoot
My pops always warned me when I was comin up
If I play pussy, I'm bound to get fucked
Though bein broke as hell it be drivin me crazy
Hooked up with my niggas start jackin niggas daily
Fat sacks of dough, to Dayton's, I got em
Slang em dirt cheap cause everything was profit
Now I got his nine on the back of my mind
As I watch my life pass right before my eyes
The shit that I done, is all in my face
Reflections of death as I step with my 38
The black nigga killa


Which bitch made the statement?
About the nigga busting caps sporting all black Ben Davis
I'm out the door
My pager's blowin up I check my gat twice
Cause niggas like to jack on a late night
And as I'm livin like a criminal
I try my best to keep my gang tight and stay away from punk niggas
Strikin down Broadway
I caught some niggas out of bounds from the
Upper MLK
Slowly crept from the cut at a quick pace
Ain't no love in my heart all I feel is hate
So 25 with that L might be mando
Cause nigga I'm killing for them gold things with that Zapco
I watch the terror in eyes as he backed up
Ease of the break pop that clutch and watch his chest bust
Wide open as I bounce in the night quicker
From the nine milla trigga
The black nigga killa
Yo, this is Yella
As we wind down to the final song
I wanted to make this one to remember my lil' nigga E
I know he wanted this track on his record
Though he was taken from us too god damn soon
So I finished it for him, peace nigga

We did a song "Fuck Tha Police", you know
And everybody been hearin' fuck sayin'
Fuck tha police for years and years and years
And finally it took a motherfucker to video tape
A nigga gettin' the shit beat out of him
For everybody else to say fuck tha police
And we did fuck tha police, people put us down
And sayed we were ahead of our time, you know it
Took the video, you know, ya shot by accident
To tell the truth and open the world's eyes
Yes, we do have a serious problem in L.A
And other citys true retaliate happens all the time
People tryin' to change things for years but I don't
Think anything is gonna help the problem is to deep
N.W.A. is just bein' brutally honest
City of Compton (x2)
City of, city of Compton, baby, baby

They swearin' on cable TV it ain't teachin'
Nobody nothin' new cause little kids grow up
You know one, two years old hearin' there mother
Sayin' fuck this, you little son of bitch I beat
The shit out of you and all this shit and you know
They pick up from all the shit and you know so they
Learn shit, you know, it's not gonna be teachin'
Motherfuckers nothin' new cause I got some new words
For your ass
Number one: We don't tell you to go out and gang bang
We tell you ya know and our songs is as you
Know if you could go out stealin' and killin'
And beatin' up people all day but that person
Ends up dead or in jail sometimes he gets away
You know and we don't have no rags no red no blue
Rags and tellin' we gonna go out and creep or go
Out and do that other thing or whateva it is
You know we ain't tell you to be joinin' no gang
Or whateva else
Rollin Down (x3)

Eazy-muthaphukkin-E
The hip-hop thugsta
From the CPT
Compton style
Real niggas
Nigga for life
We don't die (x3)
I'd like to send all my love out to his kids
And my Godson Derik, Little D
To all his family
To his wife and everybody who loved him
And the people that didn't love 'em
Yo E, tell these niggas whats up
"I say fuck 'em"
*laughing*
I tried that's right fuck these motherfuckers
To all the real niggas out there
We still in this, motherfucker
Beware ... '96 style ... '96 style
Yeah big man, we out

As I was sayin' before
See ya 'round, buddy boy
I'm feelin' to fuck all
Goodbye
*laughing*
Oooh shit
Now I'mma Break it down and tell a story
About a nigga in the wrong territory
Sharon and Shide is who he had to meet
He made a right turn down the wrong street
Now whatta, whatta, whatta, what a pity
A new jack in my motherfuckin' city
Compton that is
They say it's niggas pimpin'
Gangsta limpin'
But back back to the nitty gritty
Bout this nigga slippin' in my fuckin' city
By the time that he realized that he fucked up
The stupid muthafucka got a foot in his ass
Now this is how the story goes
Don't you ever bring your ass
In my neiborhood fuckin' my hoes
Cause they my hoes and I knows
When they've been fucked
"Fellas, I'm ready to get up and do my thing."
"Doin' it you know."

Now lets get the story about the bitches
And tell how this kid went from right to riches
Now he's drivin' fancy cars gettin' bitches galore
He was a dirty little boy that I knew next door

Mack the muthafuckin' Romey
The one and only
My dick's too hard to be lonely

Now this muthafucka braggin' on how
He got all this and that and he got
All these bitches callin' him Big Daddy
Ain't that a bitch how this muthafucka
Get rich on my muthafuckin' street
That's supposed to be my goddamn money
And this bastard is use to wear platform
Shoes, plad pants and nappy-ass hat under
A fucked up hat now lets kick the story
About that

When the sun falls
And the shit falls down
So when people start comin' around
Knockin' at the door sayin' we want more
And moms wonderin' what the fuck they here for
Rock cocaine, yeah, just as I figured
But he can do that cause he's that nigga
From Eazy Street on the road to riches
Money, cars, houses, and hoes
That's how the story goes
And if the nigga stays up you
Know he can't be beat
All this shit happens on Eazy Street

Now back to the story about the bitches


The bitches, the bitches, the bitches yo
The bitches that wanna get with me
The E, the A, the Z, the Y, the E
So whats up bitch you wanna play
Yo why don't you kiss whats behind the button display
My dick gets

Like Ballpark Franks baby
Plump when you cook 'em
You know what I mean
My dick gets

Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh up

Higher than a muthafucka

Shit thats sure enough funky right there
Yo E, kick some knowledge man explain to 'em
What you mean

Uh oh day
Day dum day
Come on baby why don't ya suck it this way
Aaaaah ooooh

Shit don't find the phillie baby
Let it all hang out

I feel it comin' (I feel it comin')
It's comin' out (it's comin' out)

Kick it one more time

Uh oh day
Day dum day
Come on baby why don't ya suck it this way
Aaaaah ooooh

Uh oh day
Day dum day
Come on baby why don't ya suck it this way
Aaaaah ooooh

Oh yeah E give me a solo

It all happens on Eazy Street
You stupid muthafucka!
A typical street corner ass nigga
Once a nigga always a nigga now a public figure
But I can still serve a muthafucka if I have too cause I'm slanging them thangs nigga
I roll deep with a crew or a posse
Niggas cuttin' throat, Murder She Wrote for the Eazy-E, fool
Fuck with the veteran, still a better man than the next man, then again
I can still put a chrome nine to your dome
Boom nigga boom nigga no Milkbone
Yippie-yi-yay your ass back the fuck on home
Stay the fuck off the sherm and crack and "Just Say No"

My definition of a bitch nigga
Aww shit, get pistol whipped, need to sit down when he piss
Cause I beat em treat em fuck em like 1 2 3
The legend of gangster rap is Eazy-E
Still gangsta ruthless, leaving muthafucka's toothless
I was sign to sky before I do this. a nigga gone
I guess I see you at the crossroads, a nigga with an attitude, my name from last month

I meet em treat em fuck em Eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em Eazy 123
I meet em treat em fuck em Eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em Eazy 123

That's where the streets hits the radio
And give the love like he supposed to
Y'all don't wanna death in the studio
Another scandal for me and E to handle
Raised my 64 11 on the roll
Bang, Los Angeles slang
Like a double barrel, E point right in tha game
Big lotion ya ass see smoke glower
Now fucking with legends Eazy with a weapon
Cash is trading killer cross-over
Jump in the game, and bitches slanged my name
Violent reporter the streets out of order
Projects corner and gangster were 'fore us
I hit blocks of a double-shot
Show my face on the block I give a fuck about a cop
Male black attitude, nigga fuck you
Stomping niggas from South Central ? Compton

I meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
I meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123

Now what the fuck is worse than 1 punk nigga?
2 punk niggas, add em up and get the picture
One's a fucking fag from the days and one's a busta
I was born a pimp, a mack daddy and a hustla
You can take the nigga off the streets but you can't take the streets out the nigga. Once a nigga still a nigga
Fucking hoes I do mean fucking steadily, I fucked your bitch (ahh) cause she was begging me
Your bitch ain't nothin' but a piece of cock to me
She dropped the drawers when she found out I was Eazy
She licked the balls and sucked the dick I came heavily
(ooh get me ready E, fuck me steadily)

Why these niggas sippin' Haterade
Drinking on bitch Kool-Aid
For the name of Easy niggas get sprayed
Now I'm in my lowrider and this candy-paint
Stash spot for the Glock
Nigga think I aim, I am with a five full of five gangsta was ?? big, paper drill, on the quest for mills
Now everybody say they are thugging
But when the gun blast see niggas running, I leave no witnesses

Punk niggas always tryna hate and they be always talking shit
But when they sober they all hesitate cause they don't know who they fucking with
Long live real gangsta shit and tell your ho get off my dick
Cause we gone finish of the legacy and keep the family so legit

I meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
I meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
I meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
I meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
I meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
I meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
We meet em treat em fuck em eazy 123
O.k. have to hear it
Let me hear it

You want this baby
I want it hot and juicy, O.k
And that's the way I like it
You know that's right right
Alright can I kick it
I mean can I stick it
So you want me to slap it
Flip and rub it down
Alright I want you to turn
Round and let me hit it from the back ok
Alright you like it like that baby
Who's is it, is it mine baby
Can I eat it, I mean can I lick it
Can I stick my tongue all in it

Like it like that, baby
(You know this feels good)
Yes baby
Right there Right there uuh


Oh yeah baby
Oh yeah
Oh Eric


As I was sayin' before about this other bitch
That's fuckin' wit this uh Uncle Tom bitch just
Sayin' that he sexual harassing her so what if the
Muthafucka sexually harassing her give a nigga some pussy
Know what I'm sayin' you know ain't nuttin' wrong wit it
You know we did broke him off a little somethin' you know
But anyway bitch probably lyin' anyway you know what I mean
My eternal jam is the juice of the radio
Takin' out profanity so they can play it though
Listen to a hell of a kick and the hi-hat
Going to the record store say ya gonna buy that
The E is connected to the A and the Z ya say Y
So that's how the beats stack it up on material made of hits
Takin' my time of Eastline to make sure it fit
Push play on the instrumental thats recorded
Step on stage and I'm suddenly awarded
Some sort of trophy like a plaque
And some hell of a scream from the girls in the back
Takin' a bow 'cause I got style
Never at the bottom of the ways on the top of the pile
Yo it's Eazy on top even though I'm short
Guarenteed to help when I walk on the court
So get up make some noise for the gangsta clap
Don't attempt the laugh I'm not a pranksta
I'm serious create sounds so quit playin' around
'Cause I'ma break it down

Last time I was takin' my time with this
But other suckas were makin' a rhyme with this
I had to change the tempo or make it hyper
But they was rotten, I was gettin' riper
Ready to go, like never before
Givin' you more because I'm ready to score
Ren is my buddy you can tell I said often
Helpin' me destroy the suckas that soften
Curin' diseases, my rhyme pleases, throw it a key
Balls havin' seasons, this is a doctrine
And I'm locked in, and I made up my mind
And I think I'm gonna rock then
You got bitches chill and I'ma push ya
To freeze after I'll cut ya 'cause I'ma butcher
And say ya have pricin' and then out ya go
'Cause a percentage on pork bellies are very low
Messin' with a gun but once ya get hurt
Like a said before ya get rushed to the dirt
I'm not a lawman, but I'ma raw man
But ya the dopest one I ever saw man
I keep droppin' it pound for pound
And when I'm on the mic I always throw down
To keep y'all dancin' to my funky sound
So listen up, 'cause I'ma break it down

Now look at me and not the poster
And you could see right off I got the most of
The talent, experience or a trade
And compliments for the rhyme that's made
Talks over today if this one so
Pick another artist and dis one
I got the ballet of the chosen vote
'Cause I don't need water to clear my throat
Comin' from the rain the show is like dancin'
Nasty like and the girls are like glancin'
Wantin' to get wit me this routine
Keepin' it sprung still stayin' mean
Can ya dis this man I don't think so
Once I start writin' the way I let the ink go
Comin' out with songs like hit after hit
'Cause this is legit and yours ain't shit
Makin' it sound so dope 'cause I'm a genius
But your amazed with ya happy to see this
Brother go crazy on wax
Flowin' away like if I was on a sax
Doin' a solo in the shade, I'm a spotlight
Relax and chill while your uptight
Pumpin' up the funky sounds
Yo, you should know it's kinda persist
That the E is gonna break it down
Cruel gangsta shit
Yes, just another chapter in ruthless chronicles scene
Eazy, Cashish, Loesta, lick up
Buck, buck, buck!

One, and then comes the two to the motherfuckin' three
Then comes the Eazy to the other fuckin' E
Playin' niggas life like a puppet
And can't dance, sucka touch it, so fuck it
Rappers want to diss I'm glad to see 'em
Cause I rip your fuckin' face outta a magazine
O.G. gangsta lean
Now after I shit your face swap that ass clean
Time to get tipsy
And don't want a bitch if she can't rub the balls like a gypsy
Who's all in?
(Eazy, Cashish & Loesta we on the muthafuckin' screen)
Motherfuck what ya heard I'm more than that
A real nigga from the hood and I'm all of that
Thick as a hicky
A picky nigga fittin' dickies with bitches strictly dickly
Many sets I rolled on
And killed squeals that told on, my homies that so on
Don't ask Eazy shit
It's still a hit is a hit, and a bitch is a biitch!
Hangin' on my nuts like a hair strand
Hangin' there with their heart, and their plan
Ass out like an asshole
Runnin' to my dick with a rhyme and a lasso
Again and again
From beginning to end it's my nuts on your chin

That ruthless life, life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!
That ruthless life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit
Gimme that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!

Like shots to your dome
Killin' off hella coppers, get dropped in the home
With the bangers and drug slangers that cocked on the chrome
Hangin' out of the Caprices in S.C. streets with
Curb servin' head, jerkin' legs, squirtin' out your back
Feds hurt without the strap
Throw up the fleet, snap your limbs in a heat
Helicopter toppler dropping the breeze
Poppin' the thieves for my knots in the streets
And the blocks and the priest
Eager to pump and leave ya
What you need is a real heat seeker
Dig in the bass, up in the state, dick in your face
If you tripping get banged by them black plate
Cracked the safe, I'm comin' out of your space
Like an atom bomb rippin' your steak
Runnin' your lips, they got sniff for your pain
By these L-E-Gs, nailin' the fleas
Tryna escape cause you feel the gauge, pump and the squeeze

That ruthless life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!
That ruthless life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit
Gimme that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!

This for the scene, for the hot four money getters
For the dope dealers, for the big hitters
For my datin' diners, for the regal bidness
My instrumental killers are real niggas
My no talent niggas, hands on your triggers
This where the peace meet the fatal realistical
And where the hard shit meet the radio
Niggas tastin' the chrome, niggas taste the flow
The street game is so motherfuckin' heinous
Gangsta, my head rest, L-E-G vest
It's a city of its own in the projects
Street life end in cocaine, what's next?
Hopping with the hotters, killing with the best
Leaving the scene wet, crime elements
Take his money, clips, his dogs and his ribs
Entertainers, where all this damn entertainment?
Gagging the fool on the day  Raymond
Gangsta shit, legends in the mix
From S.C. to the CPT
Coming to take mine, he just took nine
Scratch material, we came for the dough
I'm out truly get mine watch the chrome
The primal zone, my motherfuckin' home
Brutal city, shot silly, gag Jimmy nigga, nigga

That ruthless life, life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!
That ruthless life, life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!
That ruthless life, life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!
That ruthless life, life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!
That ruthless life, life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!
That ruthless life, life is what we live
That's how we live, nigga!
Gimmie that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit, that gangsta shit!
Aye E,aye E,check this out man
You,you,you really need to let these niggas
You know,I mean,what,what really went down
You know I mean,with all this shit junked off nigga
This yo' nigga Paperboy nigga,you know,know
Come on nigga it's me nigga
Don't hold shit back,let 'em mothafuckas know

It's 95 and shit won't stop (Won't stop!)
No justice,no peace,so mothafuck 'em cops (Fuck 'em cops!)
Fuckin' with niggas for no God damn reason
So the 187 on all pigs all season
You ain't no mothafuckin' role book cop
I got bullets that your mothafuckin' vest won't stop (Won't stop!)
So check me if you mothafuckin' can
I said fuck the police in '89
Did ya' understand?
And shit ain't changed,shit still the same
Blowin' out brains
Whipped set identified or I'll be slaved
Livin' in the case,3 strikes and I'm out
Shit y'all could say
Now I'm offering the Liquor store
Mothafuckas layin' on it on the mothafuckin' flow
Fuck it,add 2 more!
(Aye cray,aye E,let these niggas down man

Aye cray,aye E,let these niggas down man
To know what time it is!

These niggas don't wanna picture me
The 50 birds,the half mill,the hotel got the flew
That's where they sick of me niggas
Don't want to pick of me
Watch out for deliver
These haters,they can't owe me
Don't wanna know me
They like for,for freedom
Pick it up
Watch these stacks slowly
In the house underground
And live like Stevie Wonder now nigga
I want that cash that they don't see
Forever bar,fuck yo' bitch leave my worry
She poppin' out cause she want me,nigga
Just hold on bit,I'll take it up
I got enough cash

(Still fuck 'em)
These niggas wanna G like me,nigga
Ain't be a G like me,but
(Still fuck 'em)
These niggas wanna throw like me
Or the G who rules the world like me,but
(Still fuck 'em)
These niggas wanna floss like mine
They want roll it that it costs like mine,but
(Still fuck 'em)
These niggas wanna blow my trees
Drop the rag on the rollin' like Eaz,but nigga
(Still fuck 'em)
(Alright, go)
This comes from the E Chapter 8 verse 10, and it reads:
It's time to put some niggas in check
When you shoot a gun, hot shells eject
Catch 'em they get used as evidence
Only when they get brushed for finger prints
You ask why am I like this
Cause you wanna hear about shit like this
So I tell it how I know it, just hope the fuck I don't show it
Niggas out frontin', loitering and looting
Let's recreate a drive-by shooting
More brothers in a car blocks away
Waiting to spray, shotgun, Mack-10 and an AK
They roll through to a line of niggas
It was 9 just like the fuck they figured
Go around tha corner come back real slow
Lights off, car's in neutral, rollin' at a snail's pace and creepin'
Hoping to catch all of them sleepin'
A so-called gang, drugs and sex (NWA)
Start busting a cap and all the others jet, 3 of 'em fall to their doom
Pronounced dead at the scene, with gun shot wounds
3 dead because Compton is scandalous
I'd like to tell you, brother, ashes to ashes, dust to dust (Amen)
Da da da
(You will now witness the sound of TV Ang-Ang-Angels)
(We will now pass around the hat)
(That's good enough)
No it ain't, you fucked up, you fucked up (it's cool)
No, it ain't
Compton
Compton
Compton
Compton
Compton
Ahh...Real Compton City G's...
Ahh...Real Compton City G's...
Ahh...Real Compton City G's...
Ahh Real Muthaphuckkin G's

Hey Yo doctor, here's another proper track
And it's phat, watch the sniper, time to pay the piper
And let that real stuff provoke, so you's a wanna be 'loc
And you'll get smoked and I hope that the fans understand
When ya talk about playin' me
The same records that you making' is paying me
********* Dre
********* Snoop
********* Death Row
Yo and here comes me left blow
Cause I'm the E-A-Z-Y-E, and this is the season
To let the Real Compton City G's in
Your like a kid, you found it bumping down the dapper
But tell me where the hell you found that  anorexic rapper
Talking about who you gone squabble with and who you shoot
You're only 60 pounds when your wet and wearing boots
(Damn E, they tried to fade you on Dre Day)
But Dre Day only met Eazy's pay day
All of a sudden Dr Dre is a G thang
But on his old album cover he was a she thing
So sucker please, sucker please don't step to these Real Compton City G's

Stomp him in his track
Show him that i'm ruthless

Everyday it a new rapper, claiming to be dapper then the Dresta
Softer than a girl but portray the role of gangsta
Ain't broke a law in your life
Yet every time you rap about the guns and knifes
Just take a good look at the brother and you'll capture the fact, that the bastard is
Simply just an actor
Who mastered the bang and the slang and the Mental
Of homies in Compton, Wattz, and South Central
Never ever once have you ran with the turf
But yet in every verse you claim to do the dirt
But tell me who's a witness to your fucking work
See you never had no buiness, so save the drama jerk
Brothers straight kill me knowing that they pranksters
This is going out to you studio gangsters
See I did dirt, put in work, and many brothers can vouch that
So since I got stripes, I got the right to rap about that
But brothers like you,I gotta hate you
I'm jus tired of suburbian brothers talking about they come from projects
Knowign you ain't seen no parts of the streets G
I think you start trying to bang around the time of the peace treaty
Wearin khackis and mob while you ryhme, little ***
Tried to sag, but you fronting at the same time
And your set don't accecpt you
Scared to kick it witcha homies cause ya know they don't respect you
So brother pleae, brother please, don't step to these Real Compton City G's

Well, its the Knock Out, definition orginal baby gangster
Approach me like you hard, little buster
I'm bank ya
Shank ya, with my damn shank, if i have ta
Dr Dre an Snoop Doggy Dogg are really actors
Pranksters, studio gangsters, busters
But this time your dealing with some real last brothers
G's, fool please, don't try to step
See if you do, then a peeled cap is all that would be left
See, young brothers like me will break ya off somthing
Claimin my city, but Dre you ain't from Compton
Niggas like Dogg is what I call wanna be's and ain't nothing compared to Real Compton City G's
Stomp him in his track and
Show him that i'm ruthless

I never met an OG who never did nothing wrong
You tried to dis the Eazy-E so now sucker it's on you
And your Doggy Dogg, think that yall hogging it
Both of you tricks can come and suck my doggy ****
Beating up a woman don't make you it
But then again some brothers think it makes a man
Damn it's a trip how Dre can switch so quick
From wearing lipstick to smoking on ******* at picnics
And now you think your bigger
But to me you ain't nothing but trick ass buster
That ain't worth a food stamp
And at Death Row, I hear your gettin gtreated like boot camp
Gotta follow your sergeant's directions
Or get yo ass popped with a Smith and Wesson
Learn a lesson from the E
Stay in your place and don't step to Real Compton City G's

Yo Dre, What's up? *bang*
Boy ya should have known by now..
Yo Dre (what's up?) *Bang*
Boy ya should have known by now...
Yo Dre (what's up?) *bang*
Boy you should have known by now
Eazy-Duz-It
(Eazy-E)
1,2,3, and to the 4
Eazy muthafuckin' E
With the chrome to your dome
Cruisin' in my '64 rag top
I got a lot of juice
A lot of fuckin' block
Now when I hit that switch I'm bouncin'
More bounce to the ounce
And I'm clownin'
Keep the gat in my lap
Cuz I'm fully strapped
For the car jackers
Fuck no hapsters
I pack a Tech-9
Plus a AK-47
Send a one way ticket to my hell
Or maybe heaven, peep
Nigga I don't sleep
Burry muthafuckas in the concrete
You try creep kinda slow in a Astro
But I peep you niggas out in my left window
So I blast and I blast til I blast no mo
Yo, they call a muthafucka John Doe
Pussy nigga had beef knocked out of his teeth
The muthafucka should have stayed his ass home
Hey yo peep them bitchez in the Honda
4 deep with the proper ass sounds
(2Pac)
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
Born in the ghetto as a street thug
It's for the neighborhood and weed spots that we love
Lost Souls
(2Pac)
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
Born in the ghetto as a street thug
It's for the neighborhood and weed spots that we love
Lost Souls
(Eminem)
When me and Fif' got together to do this music
The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it
It's no pretend shit, it's friendship, me nemesis is su nemesis
Ain't for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images
But this shit is no gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out
When there's beef you just gotta know when to butt in and butt out
If there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it
It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it
We should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit
And wear it like a badge of honor, pass it around and share it
And let it go to whoever's holdin' the most current people on their shoulders
And their soldiers got their backs till it's over
But tonight, we ain't comin' here to beef with nobody
We came to party, Banks, Ca$his and Mr. Ferrari
So it's Shady Aftermizat back in that ass, you wizzass
Come hizzon what kinda fuzukin' quizition is that
(2Pac)
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
Born in the ghetto as a street thug
It's for the neighborhood and weed spots that we love
Lost Souls
(2Pac)
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine
Born in the ghetto as a street thug
It's for the neighborhood and weed spots that we love
Lost Souls
(2Pac)
I'm barely standin, and plus my secondhand say it's midnight
Some Alize and Cristal guaranteed to get right
Like misdemeanors is a small thang
With DJ Quik in this bitch, I let my balls hang
Runnin through the street lights, cause we like, yo nigga
Get your mobb on show em what a G like
Around the corner it's like Vegas, or better yet like Reno
Niggas poppin, welcome to our casino, cause you and me know
Here's the latest
From the king of badness
I got the shit that makes niggas wanna flip
G'd up all better wit beanies
Sweatin' all the bitches to blow our weanies
Niggas all getting drunk, and smoking a bum bud
Oh wait here's a punk, pop the trunk
Cuz it's a gang of jackers in the front smoking
All the hump, some shit was said about blue and red
But I'm colour blind and I gotta nine
Threw up the sign I cock the 9, I cock the 9

Well nigga pop the 9 and let it holla
Test drive wit a neighbourhood's scholar
Black Impala, blue chucks on gettin outta
Sucks on hip hop thugsta get the fuck on
Niggas looking shifty, do they wanna diss me, lick me
Show me love or peel my cap quickly
My six sense won't let me slip don't puff wit the draggin' em
I'm still toe taggin' em, hit the spot wit a don still baggin' em
It's the low call, S.A.B on the vocal, blast my way out Eazy pay
The way, all you bitch niggas stay out

I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 ( and everything is fine)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (*gun shot*)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)

It's like dice game, dice game niggas get they roll'on
Everything's all good till niggas getting sold on
Here we all get together and shoot, fuck
I grab my gun then I picked up my loot
But I didn't lose shit so it's all good
Leavin' pumpin' Eazy-E "Boyz n the Hood"
Cuz I'm a gangsta so I can relate
Most of these niggas is fake and tryin' to hate
I put a buster in his place, I put one in his face
Obey my first and give him the taste
That's how I duz it, that's how I do it
And the murder weapon that I use you know I threw it
He kept persuading so I had to do it, 'uh' play
For keeps that's the rule of the streets 'uh'

Dick Tracy all on my nuttz like Cagny and Lacy
And don't faze me, Ruthless is the label that pays me
But this one H.K weighs a ton, words are yellow wit
The porno freaks on a run, bring ya condom in the kingdom
Huh ho from the ceilin' to the floor, info red at ya window
Plus the E go hangin' out the beamer though
Drop shit like a seagull, for the people
Ho's make a contribution, but y'all don't hear me tho

I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 ( and everything is fine)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (*gun shot*)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)

Tuck ya legs to my dick with the wrap em real tight
Just in case its on and a nigga gotta fight
Or a Nigga gotta bust, but who in the fuck said in god we trust
The shit wen't down everybody start runnin'
Bitches screamin' and the bullets kept comin'
Ran into a nigga tryin' to save mine, reach for my gun ahh shit!!

I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 ( and everything is fine)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (*gun shot*)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (*gun shot*)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (my homey pop the 9)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (*gun shot*)
I cock the 9, I cock the 9, I cock the 9 (*gun shot*)
I dont drink *** monkey
Like the beat funky
Nick name Eazy-E
Yo 8-Ball Junkie
Bass drum kickin
To show my sh*t
Rappin holdin of my d*ck
Boy I dont quit
Crime rappin mutha f*cka
From around the way
I gotta sick shooter
Yo mean hombre
Rollin through the hood
To find the boys
Kick dust and cuss
Crank up some noise
Police on my drawers
I have to pause
40 ounce in my lap
And it's freezin my balls
I Hooked a right turn
Let the boys go past
And I say to myself
'They can kiss my a**'
** Get drunk got the 8 in my lips
Put in the old tape
Marvin Gayes Greatest hits
Turn the shit up
Have the base cold rompin
Crusin through the East Side
South of Compton
See a big a**
And I said 'word'
I took a look at the face
And the bitch was to the curb
Hoe on my tipp
For the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's F*cked up
An got the 8-Ball rollin'
Courus
(I was)
Who Kickin' a**?
(I was)
Raised in LA
(I was)
Crusin down the street in my 6-4
(to much posse)
Ridin Los Loses
Lookin for Crenshaw
Turned down the sound
To diss the law
Stopped at a light
And had a fit
Cause a Mexican almost
Wreaked my shit
Flipped his a** off
** to the floor
Bottle was empty
So I went to the store
Nigga on tilt
Cause I was drunk
Seen a sissy a** punk
Had to go in my trunk
Reached inside
Cause it's like that
Came back out
With a silver gat
Fired at the punk
And it was all because
I had to show the nigga
What time it was
Put up the Jam
It ends like a mirage
A sissy like that
Got out of dodge
Suckers on me
For the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's F*cked up
And got the 8-Ball rollin
(F**k It Up ya'll) x6
(YEAH)
Old East 800
Cause thats my brand
Take it in a bottle
40, Quart, or Can
Drink it like a mad man
Yes I do
F**K the police
And a 502
Stepped in the party
I was drunk as hell
Three b**ches already said
'Eric yo breath smells'
40 ounce in hand
Thats what I got
(Yo man you see Eazy hurlin in a parking lot)
Stepped on yo foot
Cold dissed yo hoe
Asked her to dance
And she said 'hell no'
Called her a b**ch
Cause thats the rule
Boyz in the hood
Tryin to keep me cool
You tell my homeboy
You wanna kick my but
I walked in your face
And we get them up
I start droppin the dogs
And watch you fold
Straight dumb fulla cum
Got knocked out cold
(Made you look sick
You snotty nosed prick
Now yo fly b**ch
Is all over his d**k)
Punk got dropped
For the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's f*cked up
And got the 8-Ball rollin
Courus
Pass the brew M*tha F*ckas
While I trash shit up
And yall listen up close to role call:
Eazy-E's in the place
I got money and juice
Rondevues with me
And we make the duce
Dre makes the beat
So g*d damn funky
Do the old 8
F*ck the Brass Monkey
Ice Cube writes the rhymes
That I say
Hail to the niggas
From CIA
Cazy beat/D is down
And in effect
We make hard core jams
So f**k respect
Make a toast toast puppy punk
To the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's f*cked up
And got the 8-Ball rollin
Now everythings good in my hood
And its on and poppin' Eazy-Muthaphukkin-E
From East Side South Compton
Str8 givin' up the real
On how a nigga feel talk that shit
Muthaphukkaz caps get peeled
Layin' low in the cut
Gettin higher than a muthaphuka niggas knows whats up
I'm that gangsta, gangsta is that what there still yellin'
Nigga G to a T saggin' and bailin'
Live by the gun you know what I'm sayin' Ren
"Yea"
So I guess I'll die by that muthaphukka then
So when I die niggas bury me
Make sure my shit reads Eazy-Muthaphukkin-E
And it's a fact to be exact my tombstone should read:
He Put Compton On That Map
And thats how a nigga feel
When I'm givin' up Tha Muthaphukkin Real


They say real niggas was dead but this nigga be alive
Eazy muthaphukkin E, muthaphukkin god father of gangsta rap
They say real niggas was dead but this nigga be alive
Well I'm Eazy-E I got woman galore (x2)

Well it be the real niggas back
With that hard street shit
Bitch niggas be pissin a fit
But I say fuck 'em, when I buck 'em
Its that nigga with the cool and mellow shit
For your ass takin' niggas back through the past
All up on my nutz shit be swingin' like a fist
Can't even take a piss
If I did niggas would cut they wrist
In a muthaphukkin candy 4
Beat that ass with the switch
Then blast on the bitch
Who was all in my shit
Its that nigga Ren back for the 9-5
They say real niggas was dead
But this nigga be alive
So I'm puttin' it down wit that nigga E uh-huh
For all of my niggas in the C-P-T
So here we go again with part 3 of the script
Makin bitch made niggas bite they lip, when we dip
So tell me how the phuck do it feel
Tah get hit wit Tha Muthaphukkin Real


They say real niggas was dead but this nigga be alive
Eazy muthaphukkin E, muthaphukkin god father of gangsta rap
They say real niggas was dead but this nigga be alive
Well I'm Eazy-E I got woman galore (x2)
Aw yeah, let's take a trip
Just sit back and light a spliff with this and don't slip
On a funky-dope track jump back
Strapped with a fat buddha sack and a 7-8 flak
Come clean, gangsta lean, I got green
But I serve dubs like it ain't no thing
I hang with OG playaz don't set trip
Or you might get what we call the rat pack
I don't slack when it come to street
I kick real G funk to a gangsta beat
It's so sweet, when you got money to spend
I got a proper big tilt and a fly-ass Benz
I make ends, spend my dough on no ho
That's how it is, and that's how it goes
Act like ya know when I creep real slow
Givin' love to them playaz that I know is real Gs

When I was just a baby
My mother told me, "Son, always be a good boy
Don't ever play with guns"
But I shot a man in Reno
Just to watch him die
When I hear that whistle blowin'
I hang my head and cry

Dump dump on fools with a quickness
And they got no cure for this sickness
I get paid for the way that I kick this
Like a g-ster, an OG-ster (Who's that?)
A real playa named Eazy
And I live my life straight crazy
Don't need no punk fools payin' me
And broke groupies and hoochies don't faze me
I take two steps back and release myself
To put platinum and gold on the record shelf
I don't brag, but I tell it like it straight up is
Before you do a record, partner, handle your business
And don't get caught slippin' on the under
Or you might wonder (What's up with them ends, G?)
I call a spade a spade and get paid
Gs show the way, so I give love to 'em


E-A-Z-Y, must I
Chase the cat and be a dog, a straight up hog
I leapfrog to the sound of a gangsta beat
So I can hear my record bumpin' on the Compton street
That OG, P-I-M-P and Loc, G and Loc
Hip-Hop thugsta, so quick to rush ya
Straight to the dirt, fool I do work
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
That's how it is when it come to me
Cuz I'm the short but wicked playa named Eazy
Women can't play me, some say I'm crazy
But I don't think so, come if you're a loco
I gives a damn about a skanless trick
Let me hit it one time and trick that sick
But don't trip, gives my dough to no ho
That's how it is, I got no love for ya


If you got love for them gangstas
Let me hear you one time if you down for the crime (That's right fool)
If you got love for them hustlas
Let me hear you say hooo if you makin' straight dough (Hooooo!)
If you got love for them playas
Let me hear you say ooooh, ladies we want you (Ooooooh!)
If you got love for them straight Gs
And you wanna be down just scream (Heeeeeeey!)
Eah, you know how it is
Born and change, dying in pain
Praising the devils hands so we compriscate your body like contravene hahah
Oh you don't know, a Grim Reaper is a gangsta
And when the daddy want you, why the fuck you gone run ha?
(laughs)

Now we kickin' back, getting blasted
Reminiscin' how she looked in the casket
Now we kickin' back, getting blasted
Reminiscin' how she looked in the casket
Now we kickin back, getting blasted
Reminiscin' how she looked in the casket
Now we kickin back, getting blasted
Reminiscin' how she looked in the casket

Damn, another bitch dead
It's a shame that she is gone took two the head
Got caught in the mix
It's sad, I'm gonna miss this bitch
She was all this
She was all that
Point black, baby was all fat
Now we lay her down to sleep
Made my nigga rest in peace
Now we kickin' back, getting blasted
Reminiscin' how she looked in the casket
Paid my respect and didn't shed a tear
Eazy muthafucking E CPT and I am outta here

It's like pay me stories in a cold cruel world
I'ma share story 'bout a gangster girl
From the plane to the train
Fall of from a groupie, a down bitch
Put a key up in her coochie
And she only fucking with ballers, living the live
So fine but never thought she be smoking the pipe
And when her boyfriend is away, she doing her damn thing
Coming up show nigga misses some cocaine
But It ain't a shame anyway
So you know, we yo, getting guns
Put on a nigga cuz of a ho
Yeah the bitch gots to go
Step to the house, looked to the shower
The Bitch looking like a Tina Howard
Make sure the ghost was clear
Cock the gat, shit is certain
Went to the door put 5 in her cunt and
That's the way love goes when you fucking with scandalous hoes
Semi-automatic my folks peep the scenario

Her name was Tina, Ooh you should've seen her
Face like a dog
Body like a ballerina (like a ballerina)
Caught a case everyday in the past of pasedane
Felony possession but it changed to a misdemeanor (changed to a misdemeanor)
She was selling that ass to make beer
Body fly jewels And fancy wear
Hanging with pimps, Killers and dopefiends (dopefiends)
Got hooked on Crack, and won't ever get clean (get clean)
Every night she with a different trick (a different trick)
In dark back alleys garglin' on dick
Oh shit (oh shit) what a wasted bitch
Callin' coroner quick
A dead body in a ditch (body in a ditch)
Is it her? Ooh I hope not hope not (I hope not)
I just seen her last week at the dope spot (at the dope spot)
But they made a positive ID
Tina was dead, and what a tragedy (what a tragedy)
Momma yellin' out somebody pray for me
But she abandoned her at the age of 3
But just that's the way life goes in these scandalous streets
So I'll write hardcore lyrics with these gangsta beats

So choose now, life or death
Longs with breath
Or no air in your fucking chest
Either way, whether you decide to evade
Or decide to stay
That muthafucka death
Always, I said always collect jacks made of flesh
Yeah, yeah?

Now we kickin' back, getting blasted
Reminiscin' how she looked in the casket
Now we kickin' back, getting blasted
Reminiscin' how she looked in the casket
Now we kickin' back, getting blasted
Reminiscin' how she looked in the casket
Now we kickin' back, getting blasted
Reminiscin' how she looked in the casket

Fuck me up man
Keep it real
I remember..  yeah I remember exactly how she looked
When i want in her I will..
I just finish smoking
Then i she didn't look the same tha bitch was trip
I don't mean to call her bitch but she didn't look the same
But she looked like (she did now)
But she looked she had just smoked the joint (done deal)
I mean..I know death I know death ain't didn't play with it
The bitch didn't looked dead (we all gotta go)
She looked high
There's difference between being dead and being high....
Dead don't feel like being high
Rapper Eazy-E has full-blown AIDS, according to a written statement released on Thursday. Eazy-E, whose real name is Eric Wright, was a founding member of the multi-million selling rap group N.W.A.  He's currently in a critical condition in the intensive care ward of a Los Angeles hospital. The 31-year-old rapper had complained breathing problems but had no idea that he had AIDS before he was diagnosed, 3 weeks ago

Back to the set as I jet, not giving a (damn) about the (fool) that I wet
That's what he gotta shout for acting like a trick
Now he's 6 feet deep and I'm deep in his (trick)
Creepin' creepin' creepin' on the marks that be sleepin'
Catch you slippin' slap the clip in, buck 'em every weekend
A scandalous lil' (villain) wit no heart to feel remorse
(DIg up the fool's corpse), leave it on his momma's porch
Don't give a (damn) about shit, that's why I'm mellow
Or maybe it's the fact that I'm into the devil
A psychopathic (thriller), that's always quick to fill a
(fool) for a lick cause I'm a sick-ass killer
Thrilla from Manilla though I'm shorter than the average
Try to test your luck and get bucked by a (downright savage)

Back to the set as I jet, (damn) about the (fool) that I wet (X4)

The 31-year-old rapper had complained breathing problems but had no idea that he had AIDS before he was diagnosed, 3 weeks ago

Later on that night as I'm rollin'
Looking for a (sucker) I can gat and pack a hole in
Stoppin' at a light in the late night
Fire up a Philly Blunt to get my head right
See some (tricks) slippin' at a burger stand
And in my mind all I'm thinking is a murder plan
Creepin' through the drive-through kinda slow
I got my high beams on the back of the '4, yo
Smokin' on chronic with the rag down
Not knowin' I'm about to lay their ass down
Reach for who was fool, made my move
Leaned out my jeep and I creep kinda smooth
With the gat to the  dome now he sleeps
One shot to the top body flopped on the seat, peep
I dumped on the lil' skinny passenger
(the trick) is screamin' in a rage, so I blasted her
Smashed and I got about 5 blocks
Before I got stopped by punk ass cops
Policeman: hey, step out of the car

(Break it down, baby)

Back to the set as I jet, (damn) about the (fool) that I wet (X10)
Hahahah, 5150
*LAUGHING*
The home for the sick
*LAUGHING*
But I got something I want everybody to know
*LAUGHING*
Hey buddy boy, hey buddy (pisp) (pisp) buddy boy, hey
You know who you are, motherfucker
*LAUGHING*
You thought I couldn't do it with out ya right
*LAUGHING*
You stupid motherfucker, but anyway, buddy, I'm baaaaaaack
*LAUGHING*
Eat a dick up, motherfucker
1987:
N.W.A And The Posse
1988:
Straight Outta Compton
Eazy-Duz-It
Supersonic - The Album
1989:
No One Can Do It Better
Michel'le
1990:
Livin' Like Hustlers
100 Miles And Runnin'
Not Just A Fad
Livin' in a Hoe House
1991:
EFIL4ZAGGIN
Addictive Hip Hop Muzick
Vocally Pimpin'
Are U Xperienced?
Muzical Madness
1992:
Kizz My Black Azz
5150: Home 4 Tha Sick
Paid Tha Cost
Funky Vibe
1993:
Black Mafia Life
It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa
Shock Of The Hour
Future Profits
1994:
Az Much Ass Azz U Want
Funk Upon A Rhyme
Hittin' Like A Bullet
Creepin On Ah Come Up
Uncle Sam's Curse
Trippin Wit No Luggage
Cha-licious
Gang Related
Puddles Of H2O
1995:
Smile Now, Die Later
E. 1999 Eternal
Do Or Die
Free
1996:
The Villain In Black
1997:
When HELL.A. Freezes Over
It's 1:45 in the morning
Everything's all good in the hood but it gets boring
Now I creeps around to the backdo'
Mom's done locked so I bails out the window
Aw home, street home
And there's a house party down the street
It's going on
I bails through the door
And guess who did I see?
Chan Loc, Sylk, Diamond and T-Ski
And it's all goin' down like this you know
Eazy-E, C-P-T
Go on Sylk, flow....

Well, it's the S, the Y, the L, the K
Now come on little closer and get played
Straight bombin'
Puttin' it down with that little fool from Compton
South Central definitely G.B.M for life
So pay the price
Life's too short, so I gamble
Don't give a damn so
I grabs the ammo
Smoke up that indo n' gotta make that money gotta make that
To build the stash
Ain't here to play
Ain't here to stay
But I'm here to put it down the ruthless way
Make my papers with my folks
They ??? with my locs
Much love to them girls, much love

T-Ski, Loc didn't you know that I
(...???...)
Talkin' behind yo back but won't say it to your face
I gotta break;
Get bizzy go Chan, get bizzy

Have you ever seen her
That mad bitch that they call Chan
24/7 with the Glock in my hand
Now god damn
I'm ??? up the cental strips
Comin' in the chevy
Hopin' with the heat
Deep, rolling as we mobb to the beach
I got the silver gat and the great ????