
"Look, I was gonna go easy on you, and not to hurt your feelings."
"But I'm only going to get this one chance."
"Something's wrong, I can feel it."
Six minutes. Six Minutes. Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on!
"Just a feeling I've got. Like something's about to happen, but I don't know what. If that means what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble; and if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances."
"You are just what the doc ordered."

I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rap-bot

But for me to rap like a computer it must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a livin' and a killin' off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feelin' on his nutsack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (kill 'em all with)
This flippity dippity-hippity hip-hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissin' match
With this rappity brat, packin' a MAC in the back of the Ac'
Backpack rap crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time, I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicin' that
I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic, I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are havin' a rough time period, here's a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad for the wack
While I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece

'Cause I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintainin' this shit ain't that hard, that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret
To rap immortality like I have got

Well, to be truthful the blueprint's
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the Moon since (Pew!)
MC's get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to "bust a rhyme"
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A, Cube, hey Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
To meet Run–D.M.C. and induct them
Into the motherfuckin' Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Even though I'll walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of (shame)
You fags think it's all a game, 'til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin'?
Little gay-lookin' boy
So gay I can barely say it with a straight face, lookin' boy
You're witnessin' a massacre
Like you're watching a church gathering take place, lookin' boy
"Oy vey, that boy's gay!" – that's all they say, lookin' boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label every day, lookin' boy
Hey, lookin' boy! What you say, lookin' boy?
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, lookin' boy
I'ma work for everything I have, never ask nobody for shit
Get outta my face, lookin' boy!
Basically, boy, you're never gonna be capable
Of keepin' up with the same pace, lookin' boy, 'cause—

I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racin' around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod
This planet's Krypton – no, Asgard, Asgard

So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin
You're rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off, then I'm reloadin'
Immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walkin' dead, but I'm just a talkin' head, a zombie floatin'
But I got your mom deep-throatin'
I'm out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothin' in common, poodle
I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me, my honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though
For good at least once in a while
So I wanna make sure, somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle enough rhymes
To maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case, 'cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry lookin' at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come tryin'
To censor you like that one line
I said on "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP 1 when I
Tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a 9
See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I'm
Morphin' into an immortal, comin' through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel with fuckin' cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal!
And I just bought a new raygun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya, like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweather's pad
Singin' to a man while they played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station
The very next day, "Hey Fab, I'ma kill you!"
Lyrics comin' at you at supersonic speed (J.J. Fad)
Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assumin' I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber, so that anything you say is ricochetin' off of me and it'll glue to you and
I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating
'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
"Oh, he's too mainstream."
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
"It's not hip-hop, it's pop," – 'cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use."
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm rippin' any one of these verses that versus you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice
Your songs you could sacrifice virgins to?
Ungh, school flunky, pill junkie
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to
And I'm a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues, but it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you!
I'm drunk – so, Satan, take the fucking wheel
I'ma sleep in the front seat
Bumpin' Heavy D and the Boyz, still "Chunky but Funky"
But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils, and here's what they want from me
They're askin' me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred
I have, then you may be a little patient
And more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it, life's handin' you lemons, make lemonade then!
But if I can't batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for (Satan); it's a fatal mistake
If you think I need to be overseas and take a vacation
To trip a broad, and make her fall on her face and
Don't be a retard – be a king? Think not
Why be a king when you can be a God?
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

I wanted the fame but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public, excuse me
For wantin' my cake, and eat it too, and wantin' it both ways
Fame made me a balloon ‘cause my ego inflated
When I blew, see, but it was confusing
‘Cause all I wanted to do's be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam
Ooh! Hit the lottery, ooh-wee!
But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet
It was like winnin' a used mink
Ironic ‘cause I think I'm gettin' so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginnin' to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
Going coo-coo and kooky as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think, ‘cause I'm—

I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)

Now, I ain't much of a poet
But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment
And don't squander it
‘Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjurin'
Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
Yeah, ponderin' will do you wonders
No wonder you're losing your mind, the way it wanders
Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo!
I think it went wanderin' off down yonder
And stumbled onto Jeff VanVonderen
‘Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
‘Cause the very thing that I love's killing me
And I can't conquer it
My OCD is conkin' me in the head, keep knockin'
Nobody's home, I'm sleepwalkin'
I'm just relayin' what the voice in my head's sayin'
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the—

I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)

Call me crazy, but I have this vision
One day that I'll walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then, drums get killed and
I'm comin' straight at MC's, blood gets spilled and
I'll take it back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that pumped-up feelin'
And shit to say back to the kids who played him
I ain't here to save the fuckin' children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels it
And relates, that's great, it's payback, Russell Wilson
Falling way back in the draft
Turn nothin' into somethin', still can
Make that, straw into gold chump, I will spin
Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straight jacket, face facts
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
It's nothin', I'm still friends with the—

I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip?

Yo! His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow!
Snap back to reality, oh there goes gravity, oh
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardom's
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner
But the beat goes on: da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to-
five and I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's
Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got
To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot: feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

You can do anything you set your mind to, man
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
Truth and my lies right now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

He's comin' home with his neck scratched, to catch flack
Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched
On his breath's Jack, he's a sex addict
And she just wants to exact revenge and get back
It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jet-pack
She's kept track of all his Internet chats
And guess who just happens to be movin' on to the next
Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks
'Cause she loves danger, psychopath
And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that
But she's devised some plan to stab him in the back
Knife in hand, says their relationship's hangin' by a strand
So she's been on the web lately
Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, to spite her man
And I know she's using me to try to play him, I don't care
Hi Suzanne, but I shoulda said "Bye Suzanne"
After the first night, but tonight I am

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

A one-night stand turned a two-night stand
It was "come sunlight, scram," now we hug tight, and...
He found out, now she feels deserted and used
'Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too
Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that we're through?
It's hard to find the words, I'm aloof, nervous, and Sue
Don't want this to hurt, but what you deserve is the truth
Don't take it personal, I just can't say this in person to you
So I revert to the studio, like hole-in-the-wall diners
Don't have to be reserved in a booth
I just feel like the person who I'm turning into's
Irreversible, I preyed on you like it's church at the pew
And now that I got you I don't want you
Took advantage in my thirst to pursue
Why do I do this dirt that I do?
Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech
Detergent and bleach is burnin' the wound
'Cause now with her in the womb
We can't bring her in this world, shoulda knew
To use protection 'fore I bit into your forbidden fruit
Fuck!

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

My name's (ooh), my name's (ooh)
River (ooh), river run
Call me (ooh), call me (ooh)
River (ooh), we'll let the river run

Always the bridesmaid, never "The bride, hey!"
Fuck can I say? If life was a highway
And deceit was an enclave, I'd be swerving in five lanes
Speeds at a high rate, like I'm slidin' on ice, maybe
That's why I may have came at you sideways
I can't keep my lies straight
But I made you terminate my baby
This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled
What else can I say? It was fun for a while
Bet I really woulda loved your smile
Didn't really wanna abort, but fuck it
What's one more lie, to tell our unborn child?

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one (I'm sorry)
I don't want to admit to something (I fucked up)
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run
Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad, 'cause my rhymes on the rag
Just like I did with addiction, I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get it impaled when I tell 'em, "Stick it!"
So sick I'm looking pale, wait, that's my pigment
'Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch!
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch
Been Public Enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody, go berserk, grab your vial, yeah

Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it?
Khakis pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced
So I guess it ain't that aftershave
Or cologne that made 'em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But girl, your body's bangin', jump me in, dang, bang-bang
Yes siree 'Bob', I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kid's rock, baw with da baw, dang-dang
Pow-p-p-p-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
Got your gal blowin' up a valve, valve-valve
Ain't slowin' down, throw in the towel, towel-towel
Dumb it down, I don't know how, huh-huh, how-how
At least I know that I don't know
Question is, are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid?
Hope so, now ho…

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody, go berzerk, get your vinyls!


They say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian, Lamar, oh
Sorry yo, we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past
But I done did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow
And girl, I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am tryin' to find a way to get you alone: car note
Oh, Marshall Mathers
Shithead with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
Kangol's and Carheartless Cargos
Girl, you're fixin' to get your heart broke
Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain, baby
I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow
Word, Rick? (Word, man, you heard)
But don't get discouraged, girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) all night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody, go berserk, grab your vial, yeah
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes (fuck)

Why are expectations so high? Is it the bar I set?
My arms, I stretch, but I can’t reach
A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp, but as
Soon as I grab, squeeze
I lose my grip like the flying trapeze
Into the dark I plummet, now the sky's blackening
I know the mark’s high, butter–
flies rip apart my stomach
Knowin' that no matter what bars I come with
You're gonna harp, gripe, and
That's a hard Vicodin to swallow, so I scrap these
As pressure increases like khakis
I feel the ice cracking, because—

I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
(It's the curse of the— it's the curse of the—)
I walk on water (Shit)
But only when it freezes

It's the curse of the standard
That the first of the Mathers discs set
Always in search of the verse that I haven’t spit yet
Will this step just be another misstep
To tarnish whatever the legacy, love or respect
I’ve garnered? The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless
And it always feels like I'm hittin’ the mark
'Til I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart
Like, "This shit is garbage!"
God's given me all this, still I feel no different regardless
Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded
If only they knew, it's a facade and it’s exhaustive
And I try not to listen to nonsense
But if you bitches are tryin' to strip me of my confidence
Mission accomplished
I'm not God-sent, Nas, Rakim, 'Pac, B.I.G., James Todd Smith
And I'm not Prince, so…

I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
(It's true, I'm a Rubik's— it's true—)
But only when it freezes
(It's true—)

'Cause I'm only human, just like you
Making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do
'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh

It's true, I'm a Rubik's—a beautiful mess
At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest
A flawed human, I guess
But I'm doin' my best to not ruin your ex–
pectations and meet 'em, but first
The "Speedom" verse, now Big Sean
He's goin' too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom?
There was a time I had the world by the balls, eatin' out my palm
Every album song I was spazzin' the fuck out on
And now I'm gettin' clowned and frowned on
But the only one who's looking down on
Me that matters now's DeShaun
Am I lucky to be around this long?
Begs the question though
Especially after the methadone
As yesterday fades and the Dresden home
Is burnt to the ground and all that's left of my house is lawn
The crowds are gone
And it's time to wash out the blonde
Sales decline, the curtain's drawn
They're closin' the set, I'm still pokin' my head from out behind
And everyone who has doubt, remind
Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times
Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares
Or gives a fuck about your rhymes
And as I grow outta site, outta mind, I might go outta mine
'Cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight
When I made a fuckin' tightrope outta twine?
But when I do fall from these heights though, I'll be fine
I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine
But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time around, 'cause—

I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes

'Cause I'm only human, just like you
I've been making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do
'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh
If I walked on water, I would drown

'Cause I'm just a man
But as long as I got a mic, I'm godlike
So me and you are not alike
Bitch, I wrote "Stan"
Part 1: Produced by S1 and M-Phazes

It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
All it takes is one song on the radio, you're
Right back on it, reminding me all over again
How you fucking just brushed me off and left me so burnt
Spent a lot of time tryin' to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I'm coming for closure
Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed, for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over? You could just close the
Chapter and go about your life like it was nothing?
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doin' fine
Well, I've never recovered
But tonight I bet you that what you're
'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges? Mind saying, "Let it go, fuck this."
Heart's saying, "I will, once I bury this bitch alive
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset."

I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify
What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)

And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch!
Finish this stitch, so you can reap what you sew, nitwit
Thought some time would pass and I'd forget it? Forget it!
You left our family in shambles
And you expect me to just get over him, pretend he never existed?
May be gone but he's not forgotten
And don't think ‘cause he's been out the pictures
So long that I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't comin' to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, cold
Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor? All this pent-up resentment I hold on to?
Not once you call to ask me how I'm doin'
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And, gee, who better to talk to than you?
The cause of my problems
My life is garbage, and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone, voosh

I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify
What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)

I've been drivin' around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I've been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment
To come and see ya, but I ain't here for your empathy
I don't need your apology or your friendship or sympathy
It's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully, and treat your bedroom window
Like I reached my full potential: I peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low, then keep
Tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo, sneak
All the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat caught your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, gag, almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung, stick to the core plan
Dragged to the back of a trunk by one of your fans
Irony's spectacular, huh? Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat
You can have that shit back ‘cause they suck
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim, I hope you hear it
We're in the car right now – wait, here comes my favorite lyric
"I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die"
And hey, here's a sequel to my
Mathers LP just to try to get people to buy
How's this for a publicity stunt? This should be fun!
Last album now, ‘cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M, Matthew Mitchell
Bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you're in love with your city so much, I figured, what the fuck
The best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
Hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea, as cops appear in my driver's side mirror
(Oh, God! Police! Aaaghh!)
Hope Foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
New plan, Stan!
Slim: "Chauvinist pig drove in this big Lincoln Town Car"
Well, gotta go, almost at the bridge
Ha ha, big bro, it's for you, Slim, this is for him
And Frank Ocean; oh, hope you can swim good
Now say you hate homos again!
Part 2: Produced by StreetRunner

I also represent
Anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approachin' its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds
Toilets clogged, yeah, ‘cause I'm talking a lot of
Shit but I'm backing it all up
But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished, I am your lack of a conscience
I'm the ringing in your ears
I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eatin' your vocal chords after your concerts
I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
Grab for some water
But I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
I'm the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you, every woman you insult
Batter, but the double-standards you have
When it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
‘Cause Marshall Mathers, the rapper's persona
Is half a facade, and Matthew and Stan's just symbolic
Of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone
‘Cause after all the glitz and the glam
No more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad, but it happens to all of them
I'm the hindsight to say, “I told you so!”
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don't stop after they call ya
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
When it's time to walk away, I'm every guilt trip
The baggage you have, but as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
'Less it makes an impact, then don't bother
So 'fore you rest your case
Better make sure you're packin' a wallop
So, one last time, I'm back
Before it fades into black and it's all over
Behold the final chapter in a saga
Tryin' to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice, the magic that started
It all, tragic portrait of an artist
Tortured, trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts blacker and darker
Than anything imaginable; here goes a wild stab in the dark
As we pick up where the last Mathers left off
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man? How's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was fat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan

My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans
If you didn't want to talk to me outside the concert
You didn't have to
But you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blisterin' cold
For you, for four hours, and you just said no
That's pretty shitty, man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver?
You said if I'd write you, you would write back
See, I'm just like you in a way: I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
‘Cause I don't really got shit else
So that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See, everything you say is real, and I respect you ‘cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous ‘cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me, man
I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose, sincerely yours, Stan
P.S. We should be together too

My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months, and still no word — I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sendin' you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway
Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin'
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is: you coulda rescued me from drownin'
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together — think about it!
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep
And you scream about it; I hope your conscience eats at you
And you can't breathe without me
See, Slim— shut up, bitch! I'm tryin' to talk
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you
‘Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out?!

My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph
For your brother; I wrote it on a Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin', dawg, come on, how fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin'
To help your ass from bouncin'
Off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter
I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand
That I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news
A couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk
And she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was… it was you, damn
Obie Trice! Real name, no gimmicks – (*record scratch*)

Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside

Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back

I've created a monster, ‘cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more, they want Shady, I'm chopped liver
Well, if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker
Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital
By the doctor when I'm not co-operating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (heyyy!)
You waited this long, now stop debating
‘Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me, so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me
So, come on and dip, bum on your lips
Fuck that! Cum on your lips and some on your tits
And get ready, ‘cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits—fuck you, Debbie!

Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me!
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me!
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me

Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells, "Bitch!"
A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution, polluting the airwaves
A rebel, so just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass {​​smack}​​
And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass—you asked for me?
Well, I'm back, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Fix your bent antenna, tune it in, and then I'm gonna
Enter in, and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention, back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing, attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my ten cents, my two cents is free
A nuisance, who sent? You sent for me?

Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me!
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me!
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me

A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with
Anybody who's talking "this shit, that shit"
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards
And Moby? You can get stomped by Obie
You 36-year-old baldheaded fag, blow me!
You don't know me, you're too old, let go
It's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me, I'm just obscene
No, I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy
(Hey!) There's a concept that works
Twenty million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
It'll be so empty without me

Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me!
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me!
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me

Hum dei dei la la, la la la la la
La la la la la, la la la la
Hum dei dei la la, la la la la la
La la la la la, la la la la
Kids!
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here

Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture (Agh!)
It's the return of the "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (ha ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
"Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though."
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—

I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee."
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

I'm like a head trip to listen to, ‘cause I'm only givin' you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than 90% of you rappers out can
Then you wonder: "How can
Kids eat up these albums like Valiums?"
It's funny, ‘cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm 30
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Ha ha, I guess there’s a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let’s all stand up!
This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all

Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared
I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there
From the beginning it wasn't 'bout the ends
It was 'bout bustin' raps
And standin' for somethin': fuckin' acronym
Cut the fuckin' act like you're happy, I'm fuckin' back again
With another anthem – why stop when it doesn't have to end?
It ain't over 'til I say it's over, enough when I say enough
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up
I'm afraid of what will happen to them wolves
When the thought of being thrown
Into an alligator pit, I salivate at it, wait is up
Hands up like it's 12 noon
Nah, homie, hold them bitches straighter up
Wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff
Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers
Nah, egos, I ain't deflate enough
Last chance to make this whole stadium erupt, ‘cause—

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all

I can see the finish line with each line that I finish
I'm so close to my goals, I can almost pole vault over the goal post
And if I don't got enough in the tank
Maybe I can just siphon enough
To fill up this last can, man, will I survive in this climate or what?
They said I was washed-up and got a bloodbath
I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter: I can adjust
Plus, I can just walk up to a mic and just bust
So, floor's open if you'd like to discuss
Top 5 in this muh'fucka, and if I don't make the cut
What? Like I give a fuck!
But I light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck
Through the side of a pump, 0 to 60, hop in and gun it
Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up
And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut
And I look like I might just give up, eh, might've mistook
Me for bowin' out, I ain't takin' a bow
I'm stabbin' myself with a fuckin' knife in the gut
While I'm wipin' my butt
‘Cause I just shitted on the mic and I like gettin' cut
I get excited at the sight of my blood
You're in a fight with a nut
‘Cause I'ma fight 'til I die or win, bitin' the dust
It'll just make me angrier; wait, let me remind you of what
Got me this far, picture me quittin'
Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut!
It's survival of what?

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all

So, get your ideas, stack your ammo
But don't come unless you come to battle
Now mount up, jump in the saddle
This is it—it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit
Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this
Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't defuse the wick
If I don't do this music shit, I'll lose my shit
Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth
It's all I know how to do: as soon as I get thrown in a booth, I spit
But my respect is overdue
I'm showin' you the flow no one do
‘Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit
So there's nothin' for me to fall back on, I know no other trade
So you better trade your fuckin' mics in for some tool-box-es
‘Cause you'll never take my pride from me
It'll have to be pried from me
So, pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers!
But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to buh-lieve
‘Cause this is somethin' that I must use to succeed
And if you don't like me, then fuck you! Self-esteem
Must be fuckin' shootin' through the roof, ‘cause trust me
My skin is too thick and bulletproof to touch me
I can see why the fuck I disgust you, I must be
Allergic to failure, ‘cause everytime I come close to it
I just sneeze, but I just go achoo then a-chieve!

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
Mom, I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why is the power off and I'm fucked up?
And, Mom, I know he's not around
But don't you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink, yeah

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

I went in headfirst, never thinkin' about who what I said hurt
In what verse, my mom probably got it the worst
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are, did I take it too far?
"Cleanin' Out My Closet" and all them other songs
But regardless, I don't hate you ‘cause, Ma
You're still beautiful to me, ‘cause you're my mom
Though far be it from you to be calm
Our house was Vietnam, Desert Storm
And both of us put together could form an atomic bomb
Equivalent to chemical warfare
And forever we could drag this on and on
But agree to disagree, that gift for me
Up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me
You're kickin' me out? It's 15 degrees
And it's Christmas Eve, "Little prick, just leave!"
Ma, let me grab my fucking coat!
Anything to have each other's goats
Why we always at each other's throats?
Especially when Dad, he fucked us both
We're in the same fuckin' boat
You'd think that'd make us close (nope)
Further away it drove us, but together, headlights shine
And a car full of belongings, still got a ways to go
Back to grandma's house, it's straight up the road
And I was the man of the house, the oldest
So my shoulders carried the weight of the load
Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight years old
And that's when I realized you were sick
And it wasn't fixable or changeable
And to this day we remain estranged, and I hate it though, but—

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

‘Cause to this day we remain estranged, and I hate it though
‘Cause you ain't even get to witness your grandbabies grow
But I'm sorry, Momma, for "Cleanin' Out My Closet"
At the time I was angry, rightfully? Maybe so
Never meant that far to take it though
‘Cause now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not makin' jokes
That song I no longer play at shows
And I cringe every time it's on the radio
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home
And all the medicine you fed us and
How I just wanted you to taste your own
But now the medication's takin' over
And your mental state's deterioratin' slow
And I'm way too old to cry, the shit is painful though
But, Ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan, yo
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both
Foster care, that cross you bear, few may be as heavy as yours
But I love you, Debbie Mathers
Oh, what a tangled web we have ‘cause
One thing I never asked was
Where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keepin' up with every address
But I'da flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus
Owned a collection of maps
And followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
If someone ever moved 'em from me
That you coulda bet your asses
If I had to come down the chimney, dressed as Santa, kidnap 'em
And although one has only met their grandma once
You pulled up in our drive one night
As we were leavin' to get some hamburgers
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you
And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness
Come over me as we pulled off to go our separate paths and
I saw your headlights as I looked back
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to
Thank you for being my mom and my dad
So, Mom, please accept this as a
Tribute; I wrote this on the jet, I guess I had to
Get this off my chest, I hope I get the chance to
Lay it 'fore I'm dead, the stewardess said to fasten
My seatbelt, I guess we're crashin'
So, if I'm not dreamin', I hope you get this message that
I will always love you from afar, ‘cause you're my mom

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

I want a new life (start over)
One without a cause (clean slate)
So I'm coming home tonight
Well, no matter what the cost
And if the plane goes down
Or if the crew can't wake me up
Well, just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Oh, even if there's songs to sing
Well, my children will carry me
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Because I put my faith in my little girls
So I never say goodbye cruel world
Just know that I'm alright
I am not afraid to die

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far
I want a new life
'Cause sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak (Yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left)
And when you feel weak (Yo left)
You feel like you wanna just give up (Yo left, yo left)
But you gotta search within you (Right, left)
Tryna find that inner strength (Yo left, yo left)
And just pull that shit out of you (Yo left)
And get that motivation to not give up (Right, left, yo left)
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall (Yo left, yo left)
Flat on your face and collapse (Right, left)

'Til I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em
'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em
‘Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pennin' 'em
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin' 'em?
Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop
Amoxicillin's just not real enough
The criminal, cop-killin', hip-hop villain
A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
You're comin' with me, feel it or not
You're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of God lives in us
You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock
Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up?
Fa shizzel, my wizzel, this is the plot, listen up
You bizzels forgot, Slizzel does not give a fuck

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
(Until the roof) 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
(The roof comes off) 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
(Until my legs) 'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
(Give out from underneath me) I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse

Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin' you get
When you real and you spit, and people are feelin' your shit
This is your moment, and every single minute you spend
Tryna hold on to it 'cause you may never get it again
So while you're in it, try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over, just admit when it's at its end
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in
I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in
It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, 2Pac and Biggie
André from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas, and then me
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy
So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does not offend me
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's botherin' me
Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me
You hate it, but you know respect you got to give me
The press's wet dream, like Bobby and Whitney — Nate, hit me!

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
(Until the roof) 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
(The roof comes off) 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
(Until my legs) 'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
(Give out from underneath me) I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse

Soon as a verse starts, I eat at an MC's heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me, smart
And it's absurd how people hang on every word
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first
‘Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could ever be worse
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers
But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers
So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launchin' at 'em
The track is on some battlin' raps, who wants some static?
‘Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque and platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest, so

'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
(Until the roof) 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
(The roof comes off) 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
(Until my legs) 'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
(Give out from underneath me) I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse

Until the roof (until the roof)
The roof comes off (the roof comes off)
Until my legs (until my legs)
Give out from (underneath me)
I will not fall, I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me
Now, everybody from the three-one-three
Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me!
Everybody from the three-one-three
Put your motherfucking hands up! Look, look...
Now, while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This Free World's got you gassed up
Now, who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?
One, two, three, and to the four
One Pac, two Pac, three Pac, four
Four Pac, three Pac, two Pac, one
You're Pac, he's Pac, no Pac, none
This guy ain't no motherfucking MC
I know everything he's 'bout to say against me
I am white, I am a fucking bum
I do live in a trailer with my mom
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob
Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun
I did get jumped by all six of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl
I'm still standing here screaming, "Fuck the Free World!"
Don't ever try to judge me, dude
You don't know what the fuck I've been through
But I know something about you
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school
What's the matter, dawg, you embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster? His real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
He's scared to death, he's scared to look
At his fucking yearbook; fuck Cranbrook!
Fuck the beat, I'll go a cappella
Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer
Fuck everybody! Fuck y'all if you doubt me!
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie
Here, tell these people something they don't know about me
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's all right
Because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's all right
Because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe, but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right, it's like I'm in flight
High off her love, drunk from her hate
It's like I'm huffin' paint
And I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown she resuscitates me
She fuckin' hates me, and I love it, “Wait!
Where you going?”, “I'm leaving you.” “No, you ain't
Come back!” We're runnin' right back, here we go again
It's so insane, 'cause when it's goin' good it's goin' great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed
I snap, “Who's that dude?”, I don't even know his name
I laid hands on him, I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's all right
Because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's all right
Because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

You ever love somebody so much
You can barely breathe when you're with 'em?
You meet, and neither one of you even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feelin'
Yeah, them chills used to get 'em
Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em?
You swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothin' to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face
Spewin' venom in your words when you spit 'em
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em
Throw 'em down, pin 'em
So lost in the moments when you're in 'em
It's the rage that took over, it controls you both
So they say it's best to go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know ya
'Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over
It's a different day, sound like broken records playin' over
But you promised her, next time you'd show restraint
You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's all right
Because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's all right
Because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

Now, I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean
And we fall back into the same patterns, same routines
But your temper's just as bad as mine is
You're the same as me when it comes to love
You're just as blinded, baby, please
Come back, it wasn't you, baby, it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk?
Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed I'll aim my fist at the drywall
Next time? There won't be no next time!
I apologize even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games, I just want her back
I know I'm a liar, if she ever tries to fuckin' leave again
I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
Well, that's all right
Because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
Well, that's all right
Because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
Something's burning, I can't figure out what (out what)
It's either lust or a cloud of dust
Judgement is clouded; must
Just be the powder from the power of (love)
But I'm in something I don't know how to get out of
Left my girl in the house alone
Is that my soon-to-be-spouse’s moan?
And the further I walk, the louder
Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard
‘Cause after all, this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt, I
Think I might be about to bust her, bust her
The thought's scary, yo, though and it hurts – brace
Hope it ain't, "Here we go, yo!"
‘Cause my head already goes to worst-case
Scenario, though in the first place
But you confirmed my low end theory though
Shoulda known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date
Coulda made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first
"No (slurp) you don't (slurp) under (slurp) stand
I (slurp) don't (slurp) do this for anyone ever."
Yeah, that ain't what they all say
I'll say, you can suck a softball through a straw
Used to be my fiancé
'Til you sucked on Wayne, André, and Kanye
LeBron, Akon, Jay, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e
Polow Tha Don, Dre, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame
Guess I'm gettin' my g-goddang Jigga on, eh?
‘Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin'
But fuck it, I'm movin' on, you women are all cray
But I'll probably always keep on playin'—

The game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love

She doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more
She hates my company, yeah, she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before
And I told her: (Go where you wanna go!
Go do whatcha want to do – I don't care!)
And I told her: (Go where you wanna go!
Go do whatcha want to do – I don't care!)

I told that bitch. "I'm a sucker for love, you a sucker for dick"
Suckin' dick in your momma tub, then your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water
He drowned, like an abortion
They booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya
"Sherane is not available now, leave a message at the tone
And Kendrick, don't forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels, you little fuckin' Ferris Wheel
Fuckin' spinnin' on me – fuck you think, we gon' get married still?
Fuckin' Mary had a little lamb, this ain't no fairy tale
Fairy godmomma better tell you how I fuckin' feel
Like you should fuckin' beat it
Or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period
Now have a blessed day." Bitch, you serious?
I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me deep as a Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' him
His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem
That's analogy and metaphor for you
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you
This is me talkin' cordial, yeah, I got some home trainin'
That ain't what you like, ain't it?
What about if I was as famous as Marshall?
Would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
Singing, "I hope she's good enough"
Meanwhile you're chasin' her
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her
Pity the fool and pity the fool in me, I'ma live with the—

The game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love

She doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more
She hates my company, yeah, she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before
And I told her: (Go where you wanna go!
Go do whatcha want to do – I don't care!)
And I told her: (Go where you wanna go!
Go do whatcha want to do – I don't care!)

So needless to say I'm feelin' betrayed
Snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumps off Wee-Bey from The Wire's dick
Now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record cliché
It's all my fault anyway, she's turning the tables, I'm a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ
Each day is an Instant Replay
They say what we display is symptomatic of addict behavior
Back together but forgot today was her b-day
She cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstanding, but just as I went to slam on the brakes
That's when I realized that she may be as crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin' brakeline
Stepped on them fuckers eight times
Still goin' 73, thank God there's an exit comin' up
What the mother F-U-C-K's wrong with her?
Hit the off ramp 'til I coasted to a goddamn halt
Hit a fuckin' tree, now here she comes at full speed
She's racing at me, okay, you wanna fuck with me, eh?
Snatch the bitch out her car through the window
She screamin', I body slam her on the cement
Until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole
Buried this stink ho in it, then pay to have the street repaved
(The fuck?) Woke up in a dream state
In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray during a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, ‘cause she's laying next to me in bed – directly aiming a gat at my head
Woke up again and jumped up
Like, "Fuck it! I've had it, I'm checkin' into rehab."
I confess I'm a static addict, I guess that's why I'm so clingy
Every girl I've ever had either says I got too much baggage
Or I'm too fuckin' dramatic
Man, what the fuck is the matter? I'm just a fuckin' romantic
I fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch!
Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
I said, "Hit the road" and after she left
I sent that bitch a text, I said, "Be careful driving
Don't read this and have an accident"
She glanced to look at it and wrecked
Too bad, thought we had a connect
No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case
Than the model covered in L'Oreal and mace
Who fell from grace eleven stories for storytelling
While the whore was yelling, "Rape!"
'Til her vocal cords were swelling
And her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spellings' face
Still they swarm the gates and my fancy estates
To greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
Unless you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date
Don't be late, well, the sentiment's great
But wait, think there's been a mistake
You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly because of the game of— (*Message sound*)
"Wait, dinner at eight?", I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly because of the game of—

Love, love, love, love
L-l, l-l-l-love
Love, love
Love, love, love
Don't hurt me
Don't hurt me no more
Young Money, yeah
No more
Love

Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "Fuck the world," get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing 'bout her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers (no love)
I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour
Married to the game, but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my nightstands are full of open Bibles
Uh, I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg
Money outweighing problems on a triple beam
I'm sticking to the script, you niggas skipping scenes
Uh, be good or be good at it
Fucking right, I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say
I'm high as a bitch, up, up and away
Man, I'll come down in a couple of days
Okay, you want me up in the cage? Then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G code
It's Weezy, motherfucker, Blood gang, and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole
So you can keep knocking, but won't knock me down
No love lost, no love found

It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (yeah)
You kicked me when I was down, but what you say just don't (hurt me)
That's right, it don't (hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you (no more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (love)
You showed me nothing but hate (haha!), you ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (yeah), and I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right, you don't (hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Get 'em!

I'm alive again, more alive than I have been
In my whole entire life, I can (yeah)
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen
Uh, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Shit's finna get thick again, they say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit and I stick it in
I ain't never giving in again (yeah)
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat 'em
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? (yeah!)
They call me a freak, 'cause I like to
Spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em (haha)
Man, get these whack cocksuckers off stage!
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? (oh!)
Snatch the mic from 'em
Bitch, I'ma let you finish in a minute, yeah, that rap was tight, but I'm (yeah!)
'Bout spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and, um (yeah!)
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd (yeah)
You can see the sparks from hot metal (yeah)
Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted
The game, my soul started to rot, fellow (yeah)
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted, ‘cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm topplin' from the top, I'm not gonna stop
I'm standin' on my Monopoly board (uh)
That means I'm on top of my game
And it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore (shit)
When you're so good that you can't say it
‘Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (shit)
People just get sick ‘cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore (ow!)
And you can never break my stride (nope)
You'll never slow the momentum at any moment
I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride
Killin' the flow, slow venom
And the opponent is gettin' no mercy, mark my words
Ain't lettin' up, relentless, I smell blood
I don't give a fuck, keep givin' them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love

It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (uh)
You kicked me when I was down, but what you say just don't (hurt me)
Yeah, that's right, it don't (hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you (no more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (love)
You showed me nothing but hate (yeah!), you ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around, and I don't need you (don't hurt me)
That's right, you don't (hurt me)
And I don't need you (no more)
Don't wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I don't need you (no more)
Ha, bitch, you get (no love)
"Yeah, I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now. But hey, what'd Daddy always tell you? Straighten up, little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip! What you cryin' about? You got me."

Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone, but I'm tryin' to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it
We gon' do it, Lainie—Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you, girl, and you better know it
We're all we got in this world, when it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls, two little beautiful girls
Looking puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move, Momma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as Daddy that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see, but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us, I don't see us ever being
Together ever again, like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then, of course, everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be, but it's just something
We have no control over, and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this'll all just be a dream

Now hush, little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommy's not here right now, and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright
(Heh, it's funny)

I remember back one year when Daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up and stuck 'em under the tree
And said some of 'em were from me 'cause Daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas, I sat up the whole night cryin'
'Cause Daddy felt like a bum—see, Daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and Mom
And at the time, every house that we lived in
Either kept gettin' broken into and robbed or shot up on the block
And your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryin' to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars, 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just starting to fall apart
Mom and Dad was arguing a lot, so Momma moved back
On to Chalmers in the flat, one bedroom apartment
And Dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when Daddy went to California with his CD
And met Dr. Dre and flew you and Momma out to see me
But Daddy had to work, you and Momma had to leave me
Then you started seein' Daddy on the TV, and Momma didn't like it
And you and Lainie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rolling stone, Momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sittin' in this empty house
Just reminiscin', lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, guess you pretty much are, and Daddy's still here
Lainie, I'm talking to you too, Daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it, don't it?
Sshh! Momma's only gone for the moment

Now hush, little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommy's not here right now, and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright

And if you ask me to, Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'ma give you the world
I'ma buy a diamond ring for you, I'ma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'ma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat, don't fuck with Dad! (haha)
Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world
Where they can be alone
Are you calling me?
Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me
Then I'm reaching out for you

I'm just so fuckin' depressed
I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need somethin' to pull me out this dump
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when
I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit or come to grips with the fact
That I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet
And I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow, but I know one fact:
I'll be one tough act to follow, one tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles—

In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything's so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature
Of the room, just as soon as
I walk in, it's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
‘Cause if I do that, then it opens a door
For conversation like I want that
I'm not lookin' for extra attention
I just wanna be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fuckin' man-servant
Tryna follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of 'em ain't even funny, like, "Ha!
Marshall, you're so funny, man
You should be a comedian, goddamn!"
Unfortunately I am
I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles—

In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip 'em, don't expect no help
Now, I could've either just sat on my ass
And pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
And sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in in every single place
Every school I went, I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me:
"Keep making that face, it'll get stuck like that."
Meanwhile, I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue, tryin' to talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole
At eight years old; I learned my lesson then
‘Cause I wasn't tryin' to impress my friends no mo'
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
‘Cause where you see it from where you're sittin'
It's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes at least
What size you wear? I wear 10's
Let's see if you can fit your feet—

In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world
Where they can be alone
Are you calling me?
Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me
Then I'm reaching out for you

Yeah, to my babies: stay strong
Daddy'll be home soon
And to the rest of the world
God gave you them shoes to fit you
So put 'em on and wear 'em
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny
Never let no one tell you you ain't beautiful
Tell me where to go
Tell me what to do
I'll be right there for you
Tell me what to say
No matter if it's true
I'll say it all for you

I used to be the type of kid
That would always think the sky is fallin'
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in?
‘Cause I don't belong in this world
That's why I'm scoffin' at authority, defiant often
Flyin' off at the handle at my mom
No dad, so I am noncompliant at home
At school I'm just shy and awkward
And I don't need no goddamn psychologist
Tryin' to diagnose why I have all these underlyin' problems
Thinkin' he can try and solve 'em
I'm outside chalkin' up drawings
On the sidewalk and in the front drive talkin'
To myself, either that or inside hidin' off in
The corner somewhere quiet, tryin' not to
Be noticed ‘cause I'm cryin' and sobbin'
I had a bad day at school so I ain't talkin'
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fuckin' locker
‘Cause he said that I eye-balled him

And if you fall, I'll catch you there
I'll be your savior from all the wars
That are fought inside your world
Please have faith in my words

‘Cause this is my legacy, legacy, yeah
This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
There's no guarantee
It's not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy

I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky's fallin'
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin?
‘Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind-bogglin'
‘Cause I obsess on everything in my mind, small shit
Bothers me, but not my father, he said sayonara
Then split, but I don’t give a shit
I'm fine long as there's batteries in my Walkman
Nothing is the matter with me
Shit, look on the bright side, at least I ain't walkin'
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten-speed which I've acquired parts that
I find in the garbage, a frame, then put tires on it
Headphones on, look straight ahead if kids try and start shit
But if this is all there is for me, life offers
Why bother even tryin' to put up a fight? It's nonsense
But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about them rhymes I've been jottin'?
They are kind of giving me confidence
Instead of tryin' to escape through my comics
Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx?
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I want to say to the kid that said that I eye-balled him
Grab hold of my balls, like, "That's right, fight's on, bitch!"
Who woulda knew, from the moment I turned the mic on, that
I could be iconic in my conquest?
That's word to Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest

This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
There's no guarantee
It's not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy

I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky's fallin'
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome
‘Cause if I wasn't, I wouldn't be able to work words like this
And connect lines like crosswords
And use my enemy's words as strength
To try and draw from, and get inspired off 'em
‘Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you wack fuckin' giant sacks of lyin' dog shit
Now you shut up, bitch, I am talkin'
Thought I was full of horseshit
And now you fuckin' worship the ground on which I am walkin'
Me against the world, so what? I'm Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0-16 Lions offense
So bring on the Giants, Falcons, and Miami Dolphins
It's the body bag game, bitch, I'm supplyin' coffins
‘Cause you dicks butt kiss, bunch of Brian Baldingers
You're gon' die a ball licker, I've been diabolical
With this dialogue since '99 Rawkus
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind, y'all can
Suck a dick; the day you beat me, pigs'll fly out my ass
In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage
The most high exaltin' and I ain't haltin'
'Til I die of exhaustion, inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I am not you
I'm me, and I'm the Fire Marshall, and this is my—

This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
There's no guarantee
It's not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy
"Yeah, it's been a ride. I guess I had to go to that place to get to this one. Now some of you might still be in that place. If you're tryin' to get out, just follow me, I'll get you there."

You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem
When I say I'ma do somethin', I do it
I don't give a damn what you think, I'm doin' this for me
So fuck the world, feed it beans, it's gassed up if it thinks it's stoppin' me
I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtably
And all those who look down on me, I'm tearin' down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From Infinite down to the last Relapse album he's still shittin'
Whether he's on salary, paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a "fuck you" for Christmas
His gift is a curse
Forget the Earth, he's got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt
And fuck the whole Universe

I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We’ll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone
Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road

Okay, quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm
For you to know it's a wrap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
For that, fuck your feelings
Instead of gettin' crowned you're gettin' capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise
In fact, let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was—ehh
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now
All I'm tryin' to say is get back, click-clack-blaow
'Cause I ain't playin' around
There's a game called circle and I don't know how
I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out, but I guess I didn't
This fuckin' black cloud still follows me around
But it's time to exorcise these demons
These muh'fuckers are doin' jumpin' jacks now

I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We’ll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone
Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road

And I just can’t keep livin' this way
So startin' today
I’m breakin' out of this cage
I’m standin' up, I'ma face my demons
I’m mannin' up, I'ma hold my ground
I’ve had enough, now I’m so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now

It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly I probably did it subliminally for you
So I could come back a brand-new me
You helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, believe me you
I've been through the wringer
But they can do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead: no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I promise
To focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters
And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it
‘Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up
‘Cause I'm raisin' the bar
I'd shoot for the moon, but I'm too busy gazin' at stars
I feel amazin', and I'm—

I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We’ll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone
Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road
Feels like a close, it's coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is
Find different ways to word the same old song
Ever since I came along
From the day the song called “Hi! My Name Is” dropped
Started thinking my name was Fault
‘Cause any time things went wrong
I was the one who they would blame it on
The media made me the equivalent
Of a modern-day Genghis Khan
Tried to argue it was only entertainment, dog
Gangster? Nah, courageous balls
Had to change my style, they said I'm way too soft
And I sound like AZ and Nas, out came the claws
And the fangs been out since then
But up until the instant that I went against it
It was ingrained in me
That I wouldn't amount to a shitstain, I thought
No wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught
"Do I really belong in this game?", I pondered
I just wanna play my part
Should I make waves or not?
So back and forth in my brain the tug of war wages on
And I don't wanna seem ungrateful
Or disrespect the artform I was raised upon
But sometimes you gotta take a loss
And have people rub it in your face
Before you get made pissed off
And keep plugging, it's your only outlet
And your only outfit, so you know they gonna talk about it
Better find a way to counter it quick and make it… ah
Feel like I've already said this a kabillion eighty times
How many times can I say the same thing
Different ways that rhyme?
What I really wanna say is, if there's anyone else that can relate to my story, bet you feel the same way I felt
When I was in the same place you are, when I was afraid to—

I was a… afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way out, out, out
Afraid I'd never be found
I didn't wanna go another round
An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run

Guts over fear, the time is near
Guts over fear, I shed a tear
For all the times I let you push me 'round
I let you keep me down
Now I got guts over fear, guts over fear

Feels like a close, it's coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

I know what it was like, I was there once
Single parents, hate your appearance
As you struggle to find your place in this world
And the pain spawns all the anger on
But it wasn't 'til I put the pain in song
Learned who to aim it on that I made a spark
Started to spit harder shit
Learned how to harness it while the reins were off
And there was a lot of bizarre shit, but the crazy part
Was soon as I stopped saying I gave a fuck
Haters started to appreciate my art
And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I caused
But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone
And the lights go out in that trailer park
And the window is closing and there's nowhere else that I can go with flows and I'm frozen
‘Cause there's no more emotion for me to pull from
Just a bunch of playful songs that I make for fun
So, to the break of dawn, here I go recycling the same old song
But I rather make “Not Afraid 2”
Than make another motherfucking “We Made You,” ah
Now, I don't wanna seem indulgent
When I discuss my lows and my highs
My demise and my uprise, pray to God
I just open enough eyes later on
And gave you the supplies and the tools
To hopefully use that'll make you strong
Enough to lift yourself up, when you feel like I felt
‘Cause I can't explain to y'all how dang exhausted my legs felt
Just having to balance my dang self
When on eggshells, I was made to walk
But thank you, Ma, ‘cause that gave me the
Strength to cause Shady-mania, so when they empty that stadium
Least I made it out of that house
And found a place in this world when the day was done
So this is for every kid who all's they ever did
Was dreamt of one day just getting accepted
I represent him or her, anyone similar
You are the reason that I made this song
And everything you're scared to say
Don't be afraid to say no more
From this day forward, just let them a-holes talk
Take it with a grain of salt and eat their fucking faces off
The legend of the angry blonde
Lives on through you when I’m gone, and to think I was a—

I was a… afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way out, out, out
Afraid I'd never be found
I didn't wanna go another round
An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run

Guts over fear, the time is near
Guts over fear, I shed a tear
For all the times I let you push me 'round
I let you keep me down
Now I got guts over fear, guts over fear
Yeah, it's my life
In my own words, I guess

Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for
When they know they're your heart, and you know you were their armor
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around to bite you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy, look what I made!" "Dad's gotta go catch a plane"
"Daddy, where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy, where is she?"
"I don't know, go play, Hailie, baby, your daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog, then you gotta swing by yourself"
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-bye baby

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang, so, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang, so, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back

I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy cryin'?"
"Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more" "Daddy, you're lyin'!
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy, you're mine!"
She's piling boxes in front of the door, tryna block it
"Daddy, please! Daddy, don't leave! Daddy, no, stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with ya!"
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talkin', 'cause man, I can hear 'em
They're saying, "You got one more chance to do right and it's tonight
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late!"
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone and this spotlight is on, and I'm singing—

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back

Sixty-thousand people all jumpin' out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwin' roses at my feet
I take a bow, and thank you all for comin' out
They're screamin' so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seein'
"Daddy, it's me! Help Mommy, her wrists are bleedin'!"
But, Baby, we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad
And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'
That's all I wanted, I just wanted to give you this coin
I get the point, fine, me and Mommy are goin'."
But baby, wait! — "It's too late, Dad, you made the choice
Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us
That's what they want, they want you, Marshall, they keep
Screamin' your name, it's no wonder you can't go to sleep
Just take another pill, yeah, I bet you you will
You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real."
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be that the curtain is closin' on me?
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream "Die, Shady!" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes
And burns to ashes; that's when I wake up
Alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's Spring and Hailie's outside swingin'
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her
Hailie just smiles, and winks at her little sister, almost as if to say

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
*Curtains Closing*
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady

Excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?

Hi, kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah!)
Wanna see me stick 9 inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (um...)
And Dr. Dre said "Slim Shady, you a basehead!"
Uh-uh! "So why's your face red? Man, you wasted!"
Well, since age twelve I felt like I'm someone else
‘Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off, and smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut! "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dog!"
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off

Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be 35
I smacked him in his face with an eraser
Chased him with a stapler, stapled his nuts to a stack of papers
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship
While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph
(Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!"

Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady

Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Yup)
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead!)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palm's too hairy to hide (Whoops)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here!)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits!
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang!)
I'm steaming mad and by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had

Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Where's my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go, yeah, yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have—I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin'
Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin'
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now! I bet you're probably sick of me now
Ain't you, Mama? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now!

I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
I said I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet

I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
‘Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun
‘Cause I'da killed him, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show

I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
I said I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet

Now, I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
Goin' through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it?
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma?
But guess what, you're gettin' older now and it's cold when you're lonely
And Nathan's growin' up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her—she won't even be at your funeral!
See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get?
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit!
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
Well, guess what, I am dead—dead to you as can be!

I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!)
I said I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
We touch, I feel a rush; we clutch, it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous, you must be a sorceress
'Cause you just did the impossible: gained my trust
Don't play games, it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over, ‘cause if I get burnt, I'ma show ya
What it's like to hurt, ‘cause I been treated like dirt before ya
And love is evil — spell it backwards, I'll show ya
Nobody knows me, I'm cold
Walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own
It's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow, I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these muh'fuckin' hoes
Bloodsuckin' succubuses
What the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department, but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks, but it's exactly what I thought it would be
Like tryin' to start over
I got a hole in my heart, but some kinda emotional roller coaster
Something I won't go on
So you toy with my emotions, ho, it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold ya
Wasn't joking when I told ya
You take my breath away, you're a supernova, and I'm a—

I'm a space-bound rocket ship
And your heart's the Moon
And I'm aiming right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you, right at you

I'll do whatever it takes
When I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't with you, I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go
No boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one, then once we get 'em it's never the same
You want them when they don't want you
Soon as they do, feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't lookin' when I stumbled on to you, musta been fate
But so much is at stake
What the fuck does it take? Let's cut to the chase
'Fore the door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be makin' a mistake, ‘cause I'm a—

I'm a space-bound rocket ship
And your heart's the Moon
And I'm aiming right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aiming right at you
Right at you, right at you

So, after a year and six months
It's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you
Let down my guard, swear to God
I blow my brains in your lap, lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleadin'
I'm tryna stop you from leavin'
You won't even listen, so fuck it, I'm tryna stop you from breathin'
I put both hands on your throat, I sit on top of you squeezin'
'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick, ain't no possible reason
I can think of to let you walk up out this house and let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Now I let you go and just give
And 'fore I put that gun to my temple, I told you this:

And I would've did anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now, it's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me every time
You look up in the sky and see a star, ‘cause I'm a—

I'm a space-bound rocket ship
And your heart's the Moon
And I'm aiming right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
Without you, without you
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down

Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders, I ain't never supposed to show it
My crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino
It don't matter, I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle
'Less I absolutely have to, I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit, I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross, and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, the shit went way beyond some Jay Z and Nas shit
And even though the battle is won, I feel like we lost it
I spent so much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it, I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object, for someone to get killed
Why would I want to destroy something I helped build?
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' ****
And that was just outta respect, for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about somethin' that I knew nothin' about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over TV, down-talkin' the man
Who literally saved my life, like fuck it, I understand
This is business, and this shit just isn't none of my business
I'm still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute, ‘cause—

Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers

There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme and
Wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated, ‘cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated — it ain't just words no more, is it?
It's a different ball game, you call names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it, he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how he stabbed him
Fuck it, 50, smash him! Mash him and let him have it!
Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up
‘Cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'?
Well, fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then!
But I'm so busy bein' pissed off, I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine, which is fine, ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
Who's willin' to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
And maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in the chorus
To show 'em we love 'em back and let them know how important
It is to have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryin' to have none of my people hurt or murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Than to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all 'fore I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willing to be the bigger man if y'all can quit poppin'
Off at your jaws, well, then I can, ‘cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not goin' to let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience
‘Cause—

Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
You used to say that I'd never be
Nothin' without you, and I'd believe
I'm shot in the lungs, I gasp, I can't breathe
Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!"
Snatch the keys from your hand, I would squeeze
And you'd laugh, and you'd tease
You're just fucking with me, and you must hate me
Why do you date me, if you say I make you sick?
And you've had enough of me
I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge

But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhh
But I'ma still be humble when I scream "Fuck you!"
‘Cause I'm stronger than I was

A beautiful face is all that you have
‘Cause on the inside you're ugly and mad
But you're all that I love, I grasp, you can't leave
Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please
And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!"
But you left and you took everything I had left
And left nothin', nothin' for me
So, please don't wake me from this dream, baby
We're still together in my head
And you're still in love with me
'Til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead

But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhh
But I'ma still be humble when I scream "Fuck you!"
‘Cause I'm stronger than I was

You walked out, I almost died
It was almost a homicide
That you caused, ‘cause I was so traumatized
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
I'd rather die than you not be by my side
Can't count how many times I vomited, cried
Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide
Thought we were Bonnie and Clyde
Nah, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde
I felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die?
‘Cause if you coulda took my life you woulda
It's like you put a knife through my chest
And pushed it right through to the
Other side of my back and stuck a spike too, shoulda
Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't
At the time, no one could hurt me like you coulda
Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that?
Bite me, bitch, chew on a nineteen footer!
‘Cause this morning I finally stood up
Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
First time since you left me
And left me with nothin' but shattered dreams
And the life we coulda had and we coulda been
But I'm breakin' out of this slump I'm in
Pullin' myself out of the dumps once again
I'm gettin' up once and for all – fuck this shit!
I'ma be late for the pity party
But you're never gonna beat me to the fuckin' punch again
Took it on the chin like a champ
So don't lump me in with them chump-ions
I'm done bein' your punching bag
It was the November 31st today
Woulda been our anniversary
Two years, but you left on the 1st of May
I wrote it on a calendar, was gonna call
But couldn't think of the words to say
But they came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay

And I thank you, ‘cause you made me
A better person than I was
But I hate you, ‘cause you drained me
I gave you all, you gave me none
But if you blame me, you're crazy
And after all is said and done
I'm still angry, yeah, I may be
I may never trust someone

But you won't break me
You'll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble
I'll get back up and uhh
But I'ma still be humble when I scream "Fuck you!"
‘Cause I'm stronger than I was
…Man, whatever
Dre, just let it run
Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit
Ayo, this song is for anyone
Fuck it, just shut up and listen, ayo

I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag
Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this—on this Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension
Dispensing these sentences, getting this stress
That's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
To not come and speak to me, I don't know you
And no, I don't owe you a mothafuckin' thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick if you tempt me
My tank is on empty, no patience is in me
And if you offend me, I'm lifting you ten feet in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you, I don't mean to be mean
But that's all I can be, it's just me

And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father
I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense
It's constant, and, "Oh, it's his lyrical content
The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses."
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at!
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper-class city havin' this happening
Then attack Eminem ‘cause I rap this way
But I'm glad, ‘cause they feed me the fuel that I need
For the fire to burn, and it's burning, and I have returned

And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name Is"
And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
To cop me rotation at rock-n-roll stations
And I just do not got the patience
To deal with these cocky Caucasians
Who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black
‘Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls
So they always keep asking the same fucking questions
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearin' it out
‘Cause they driving me crazy, I can't take it
I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit
In the bathroom without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign you an autograph
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad

'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
'Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
Yeah, tryin' to figure out the difference
But I think the lines are starting to get blurred

I'm in a strange place
I feel like Ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith
I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints
Grimmin' every stranger in the place while I gaze into space
‘Cause I'm mentally rearrangin' his face
I need a change of pace
‘Cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous
There's nowhere to dump this anger, and thanks to this angst
I done quit chicken heads cold turkey
And started slowly roasting 'em
‘Cause that's where most of my anger is based
Fuck your feelings! I feel like I play for the Saints
I just want to hurt you – aim for the skanks
Then aim for all these fake Kanye's
Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's
I'm frustrated ‘cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of whack
I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack
I'm going all out in this rap shit
And whatever the fallout is I'm strapped
For battle, sucka – duck, crawl out the back!
It's a bar fight, prepare your arsenal
And beware of bar stools flying through the air
And bottles breaking, mirrors also
And I ain't stopping 'til the swear jar's full
"You done called every woman a slut
But you're forgetting Sarah, Marshall (Palin)"
Oh, my bad, slut! And next time I show up to court
I'll be naked and just wear a lawsuit
Judge be like, "That's sharp
How much did that motherfucker cost you?
Smart-ass, you're lucky I don't tear it off you
And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker!
You're so fuckin' gravy, Marshall, I should start calling you 'au jus'
‘Cause all you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo."
Evil twin, take this beat now, it's all you
I believe people can change, but only for the worse
I coulda changed the world if it wasn't for this verse
So satanic, K-Mart chains panic
‘Cause they can't even spin back the curse words
‘Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker
(Rape your mother! Kill your parents!)
Shit, motherfucker, and these kids are like parrots
They run around the house just like terrorists
Screaming, "Fuck! Shit! Fuck!", adult with a childish-like arrogance
Wild ever since the day I came out, I was like, "Merits?
Fuck that! I'd rather be loud, and I like swearing."
From the first album even the gals were like, "Tight lyrics!
Dreamy eyes!", but my fuckin' mouth was nightmare-ish
And from the start of it you felt like you were part of this and
Opposition felt the opposite, sometimes I listen
And revisit them old albums often as I can and
Skim through all them bitches
To make sure I keep up with my competition
Ha ha! Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes
Borderline genius who's bored of his lines
And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now
Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies

There's darkness closing in, there it goes again
It controls my pen, but that ain't me, it's my evil twin
(Then I step out and see my evil twin
He gives me an evil grin)
But he's just a friend, who pops up now and again
So don't blame me, just blame him, it's my evil twin
(I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin)

Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
You have slept for quite some time

So, who's left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber?
Nah, F with Christina!
I ain't fuckin' with either Jessica neither: Simpson or Alba
My albums just sicker than strep with the fever
Get the Chloraseptic, Excedrin, Aleve, or
Extra Strength Tylenol 3's
Feel like I'm burning to death, but I'm freezin'
Bedridden and destined never to leave the
Bedroom ever again, like the legend of Heath-uh-
Ledger, my suicide notes, barely legible, read the
Bottom, it's signed by the Joker
Lorena said I never can leave her
She'd sever my wiener I ever deceive her
Fuck that shit, bitch! Give up my dick for pussy?
I'd be Jerry Mathers I ever left it to Beaver
Get them titties cut off tryin' to mess with a cleaver
Golly-wally, I vent, heat register, Jesus
Ever since 1-9-9-4-6 Dresden, it was definitely
My destiny when on the steps, I met DeShaun
At Osborn, I'd never make it to sophomore
I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors
Flip burgers and wash dishes
While I wrote rhymes, tryin' to get props for 'em
‘Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em
They were sleeping, I made 'em stop snorin'
Made them break out the popcorn
Now I've been hip-hop in it's tip-top form
Since N.W.A was blaring through my car windows
Leaning on the horn, screaming "Fuck the police!" like cop porn
Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn
Fuck top five, bitch, I'm top four
And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore
And I got an Evil Twin
So who the fuck do you think that third and that fourth spot's for?
And crazy as I am, I'm much tamer than him
And I'm nuts, then again, who the fuck wants a plain Eminem?
But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that (evil grin)
(Evil twin) please come in, what was your name again?
Hi! Faggot! Look who's back
With a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
Two rabbits, a koala bear, and a ball of hair
And you're all aware I don't got it all upstairs
Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's so small up there
Peace to Whitney, jeez, just hit me
That I should call the Looney Police to come get me
‘Cause I'm so sick of being the truth
I wish someone finally admit me
To a mental hospital with Britney
Oh, LMFAO, no way, Jo-
Se Baez couldn't beat this rap – OJ, no
Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony, hey ho
(Hey-ho!) I sound like I'm tryin' to sing
The fuckin' chorus to "Hip Hop Hooray"? No
I’m hollerin', you got bottom-end like an 8-0-
8 and I 'base' whether we're fuckin' off that instead of your face so
Let your low end raise, yo
Tango, what you think, ho?! Slow dancing or bowling?
You tryin' to hold hands with your homie?
What, you think I'm looking for romance ‘cause I'm lonely?
Change that tune, you ain't got a remote chance to control me
Ho, I'm only vulnerable when I got a bo-ner
Superman, try to fuck me over, it won't hurt
Don't try to fix me, I'm broke, so I don't work
So are you, but you're broke ‘cause you don't work
But all bullshit aside, I hit a stride
Still Shady inside, hair every bit as dyed
As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
‘Cause we are the same, bitch!
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walkin' around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care, he's
A problem child, and what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out
'Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are wacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, doo-rags and a stockin' cap
His step-father hit him so he socked him back
And broke his nose, his house is a broken home
There's no control, he just lets his emotions go

Sing with me, sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely ‘cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen?
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me
Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all their kids been listenin' to me religiously
So I'm signin' CD's while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace this shit doesn't make sense, B
It's all political, if my music is literal
And I'm a criminal, how the fuck can I raise a little girl?
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to
You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you!

Sing with me, sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (Sing this shit!)
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well, can it load a gun up for you and cock it too?
Well, if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See, what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they wanna get one ‘cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves
We entertainers, of course the shit's affectin' our sales
You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self
We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail
It's fucked up, ain't it?
How we can come from practically nothin'
To bein' able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing
Except for a dream and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on they walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives
So they sit and they cry, at night, wishin' they'd die
'Til they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes
That's why we seize the moment
Try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it
‘Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on
Through our lyrics that you hear in our songs, and we can…

Sing with me, sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Sing with me, sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Pt. I

Hands up, officer don’t shoot
Then pull your pants up, promise you won't loot
We may never understand each other, it’s no use
We ain’t ever gonna grasp what each other goes through

Black boy, black boy, we ain't gonna lie to you
Black boy, black boy, we don't like the sight of you
Pull up on the side of you
Window rolled down, 'profile'
Then we wonder why we see this side of you
Probably comin' from the dope house
We could let you slide but your tail light is blew, out
We know you're hidin' that Heidi Klum
On you another drug charge, homie, it's back inside for you
And just in case a chase might ensue, we got that tried and true
Pistol drew right at you, we'd be delighted to unload it
In your back, then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you
Fucked up, but what the fuck am I to do?
I keep tellin' myself, keep doin' like you're doin'
No matter how many lives you ruin
It's for the red, white and blue
Time to go find a new one and split his head right in two
No one's ever indicted you
Why? 'Cause you're a...

White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar
My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live
White boy, white boy, in your cop car
But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve
White boy, white boy, you're untouchable
The world's coming to an end, I don't even care
Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a big rockstar

Black boy, black boy, we don't get your culture and
We don't care what our government's done to fuck you over, man
Don't tell us your attitude's a result of that
Balderdash, where’d you get the chip on your shoulder at?
Why you kicking that soda can?
Pull your pants up, we 'bout to roll up and
Throw your ass in the van cuffed
You don't have to know our plans or what our intentions are
Our cards are close to our chest, you better show your hands
And put our minds more at ease
Or get shot in the thyroid, comply or die, boy
We're fightin' a crime war, here come the swine
Tryna clean up the streets from all these minorities
That's what we call 'em pigsties for
They're like eyesores to police
Talk to you like just a piece of trash
Feels like we're stuck in a time warp to me
As I kick these facts and get these mixed reactions
As this beat backspins, it's like we're drifting back in
To the sixties, having black skin is risky
'Cause this keeps happening
Throughout history, African-Americans have been treated like shit
And I admit, there have been times where it's been embarrassin' to be a...

White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar
My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live
White boy, white boy, in your cop car
But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve
White boy, white boy, you're untouchable
The world's coming to an end, I don't even care
Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a big rockstar
Pt. II

Seems like the average lifespan of a white man
Is more than twice than a black life span
I wonder sometimes if it has a price scanner
I feel like checking out on life, can't escape this circumstance
I'd rather hear 'em say "Die N-word" than Die Antwoord
Ninja, now it's better disguised banter
But that's life, strapped 'cause we're strapped financially
And can't find answers
We're applying, but McDonald's
Seems to be the only franchise that'll hire
So how can we have higher standards?
As Dallas overshadows the battle for Black Lives Matter
We fight back with violence but acts like that are
Black eyes on the movement
Which makes black lives madder
At cops and cops madder
That's why it's at a stalemate
And can't arrive at a compromise so it's Black Ops
I wonder if we hire more black cops, the crap stops
The block is our backyards, officers, not the crack spot
Call the attack dogs off of us, man
You always act all pissed off at us at a traffic stop
And bad cops fuck it up for the good cops, and man, stop
Sendin' white cops in the black neighborhoods
Who ain't acclimated to 'em, like that's the way to do it
Who seen some fuckin' videos of rappers waving guns
And know nobody black so they act afraid of us
And that's racism, the fear that a black face gives 'em
A subconscious racist
Wait, why are there black neighborhoods?
'Cause America segregated us, designated us to an area
Separated us, Section-Eight'd us
When we tear it up’s the only time attention’s paid to us
And education sucks, and every day's another
Freddie Gray for us, a levy breaks or fuzz
Why is it they treat us like dryer lint?
We just want a safe environment for our kids
But can’t escape the sirens
Don’t take a scientist to see our violent nature lies in
The poverty that we face so the crime rate’s the highest in
The lowest classes, it's like a razor wire fence
And we’re trapped in these racial biases
That plague our society which makes our anxiety levels raise
Every time we see a devil’s face
Lions, tigers, and bears, oh my
It's more like billy clubs and gats
And we really love it when you think we’re guilty ‘cause we’re black
"But you kill each other, facts
You peel each other's caps, for silly stuff like hats”
Single mother strugglin’ through substance abuse
While people with nothin' to lose shoot each other for shoes
Fuck your Republican views
Pull ourselves up by our bootstraps, where the fuck are the boots?
And streets act as a narrator, don't gotta read comics
Or be that into characters, just to see that, just to be black
You better be strapped with a derringer
Or be “capped in America” like Steve Rogers
'Cause no one oversees these cops and
All we see is 'em beat charges
We done seen 'em beat Rodney King unconscious, and got off
So we don't need all you crooked police officers' peace offerings
Just keep marchin', 'til we reach congress
But they're gonna say you're tryin' to take an irrational stance
If you try to slander the flag but
Somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb
So they call it a Kaepernick tantrum
If you don't stand for the national anthem
We raise it, you better praise it
Or you'll be made to feel like a traitor, we'll
Treat you like Rodney Dangerfield
Home of the brave is still racist 'ville
So this whole nation feels like a plantation field
In a country that claims that its foundation was based on United States ideals
That had its Natives killed
Got you singin' this star-spangled spiel
To a piece of cloth that represents the "Land of the Free" that made people slaves to build
(Mhmmm) *inhales*
You high, baby? (Yeah)
Yeah? (Talk to me!)
You want me to tell you something? (Uh huh)
I know what you wanna hear

I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
(I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too
I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
(Ooh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl

They call me Superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now: got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down
In a relationship; save it, bitch!
Babysit? You make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit
Girl, you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase
I tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games, say no names
Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass
Kiss my lips? Bitch, why ask?
Kiss my dick, get my cash?
I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out, I'll put you out
Won't get out, I'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice? Buy you ice?
Bitch, if you died, wouldn't buy you life
What, you tryin' to be my new wife?
What, you Mariah? Fly through twice

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho

‘Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah, we fucked: bitch, so what?
That's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends, I'll call you again
I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kinda car I be in
We'll see how much you be partyin' then
You don't want that, neither do I
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do
How could it ever be just us two?
I'd never love you enough to trust you
We just met and I just fucked you

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho

‘Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
(I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too
I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
(Ooh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl

First thing you say: I'm not fazed
I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyway
You're just plain old Marshall to me
Ooh yeah, girl, run that game
Hailie Jade, I love that name
Love that tattoo, what's that say?
"Rot In Pieces," uh, that's great
First off, you don't know Marshall
At all, so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal
I'll slap you off that bar stool
There goes another lawsuit
Leave handprints all across you
Good Lordy, whoadie
You must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have
Ooh girl, that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab
End up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a Tampax
And slap you 'til you can't stand
Girl, you just blew your chance
Don't mean to ruin your plans

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho

‘Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman

I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
(I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too
I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
(Ooh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl

‘Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
Tell 'em, if they want it
They can come get that (static)
I swear I love my city
I just want less (static)
See me, they salute me
They ain't ready for that (static)
Detroit vs. Everybody

I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree
All these females need to email to make noise
And now things changin' a lot
He fuck with my authority
Then he shall see shells, but not by the seashore
If he gang bangin' or not
It's simple as the alphabet
He F with me, that G shall surely see
He definitely as 'bout it as retail fraud, he's sweet
The honest gesture
The trigger finger 'round the diamond tester
We tell flaw with heat
The same soldier, it's me, myself and I
Ridin' 'round shootin' my biopic in my autobiography
Range Rover, this ain't the squash beef state
You thinkin' make-up, we thinkin' Lark Voorhies face
The twin Eagles'll air his coupe
Might as well ride by in an ambulance
My pair'll shoot, like skydivin' in Hammer pants
So call it siblin' rivalry
Take his life; call it the unforgivable robbery
A wise man told me that holdin' a grudge is like lettin' somebody just live inside of your head rent-free (Real talk!)
I don't got time to evict these clowns
Y'all niggas been bitches
That's none of my business, but I don't sip tea (It's Nickel)
Ridin' 'round his block; all he know is pitfalls
That's why he's always climbin' out his drop
(I got a question) Do you wanna ride or die?
(Welcome to Detroit, motherfucka!) (Sean Don…)

Boy, I need no halves and halves, I want the game in entirety
Hundred percent cut; no stitches required
Welcome to Detroit, where if you get that promotion
Don't worry, man, them bullets will still be at your ass firin'
I still call it safe, I would suck if I was umpirin'
Boy, I hit the beat, I just treat that shit like a diary
I'm offended if you hear my new shit
And you ain't rewindin' me
Self-made, I never needed your bail or a wire, see
I'm never callin' collect, I call to collect
My homie wanted a Chevy, so I put my dog in the 'Vette
Ahh! Plus I'm so loyal that that paper, boy, is all that I fetch
If the ball in my hand, then the ball in the net
Bitch, I'm the D, can't no offense dunk on me
I'm Mr. Big Shot, these hoes get drunk off me
I'm overrespected
My mama gated community's overprotective
So futuristic I'm already over my next bitch
Reminiscin' on listenin' to 50 fifty times a day
Back when tenth grade was like fifty days away
Tryna get paid fifty ways a day
Used to put fifty on the layaway
Now my closet fifty shades of grey
26, and I done lived a lifetime a few times
From futons to Grey Poupons
In church, tryna get a little savings, yeah, a coupon
I spit that A1 every day, I'm hittin' new primes
Now the stakes high, niggas surprised at the new lines
Takin' down my number, like, "You still ain't got a new line?"
Nah, it's the same, we been laborin' for years
I know it took way longer than nine months
But fuck it, it's all in due time
I turned a blunt to a roach, with dreams of bein' a Beatle
Don't want to, I need to, ya gotta learn to keep it cerebral
When you come up in a place
Where everyone got a piece but ain't peaceful
This is just part one, wait 'til the sequel, lil' bitch!

Tell 'em, if they want it
They can come get that (static)
I swear I love my city
I just want less (static)
See me, they salute me
They ain't ready for that (static)
Detroit vs. Everybody

Comin' from them streets where they thirsty, starvin' to eat
Just a step away from failin', that's why they call it the D
Arguably the whole reason for all of this honesty
Honestly no honor roll, but honored up in them streets
‘Cause I'm a Linwood nigga, them young niggas hit ya
Put a stack on your head, you'll bleed a lake on Grand River
If you think your hood harder, then I might beg to differ
Know some killers pull the trigger for a Swisher and Miller
If the blicka hit ya kisser, bet yo' ass not rememberin'
They say my city's tougher than two fat bitches scissorin'
So, nigga, I'm a veteran, retire my letterman
Have K's in front of your school, but I ain't goin' to Kettering
Cough up a lung, 313 where I'm from
Xan got me cross-eyed like Bernstein’s son
Any nigga try to copy, put a hole in his top
It's us vs. them, Detroit vs. Everybody

Lately it seems as if it's me against
The world, like it was before my life became a movie and they used to use my mothafuckin' trailer to tease me with
But I flipped that script like a refill of
Painkillers to pop the lid off that safety seal
It made me feel amazing, Navy SEAL of bravery
And if I may reiterate, I ain't even need a script
Ain't bein' conceited, but I made it to radio—eat a dick!
I still never ABC this shit
Mainstream appeal, but the skill is what made me iller
Since before they called Jay Dee Dilla
I was daydreamin' one day I would be the shit
And if I ever end up escapin' these streets
I swear that I would stay here still
And if I'm crazy, I'll always be real
Don't make me steal an eighteen-wheeler
Break all of my friends out of here
And take 'em straight to the Mercedes dealer
Peel off back to the same block that we came from
On a rampage too crazy for me to flip
What's makin' you think I need a switch?
‘Cause I'm Adrian Peterson
When he's ragin' and heated and
On the way to go beat his kid?
On a track get spanked like he just did
(Detroit!) I can't never leave this bitch
Sick of bein' treated like we ain't shit
But Jesus, I can see just why people quit callin' me to do features and them cyphers on BET, ‘cause if
I wasn't me I probably wouldn't
Want to play with me neither, shit
Seems to be reachin' its fever pitch
Hundred and eighty degrees in here
Shoulder blade full of cedar chips
MC's just bit off more than they can chew
Like a face full of Swedish Fish
Or Lorena with two penises
Hateful and geniusness inconvenience
And for the record, you don't want this type of static
In your life, when I'm makin' you cling to it
May consider tryin' to reinsulate your windows
May be in for another crazy winter
‘Cause so cold in the D, it is
As days begin to tick away, but ain't this really
What made me into the angry bitter blonde?
But ain't we sick of bein' underdogs?
Don't make me unleash this shit, release this pit
May even seem as if I'm yankin' your chain a bit
Or maybe the way in which I'm sayin' shit
Is playin' with you, but ain't shit changin'
It's still the same shit and Shady's still a lady killer
Since the day I went insane and then attacked the babysitter
With a potato peeler
And mushed her face into the entertainment center
It's like another plane just entered into Ukraine again
Or the Bermuda Triangle and
Attempted to make a safe descent
Awaiting anyone who ain't affiliated, it could be danger
Did you make arrangements with the gangsters 'fore you came here? And if they mention us…

Tell 'em, if they want it
They can come get that (static)
I swear I love my city
I just want less (static)
See me, they salute me
They ain't ready for that (static)
Detroit vs. Everybody

What up though? It's the godfather Trick Trick
You either ridin' with us or gettin' rolled on
That means Detroit vs. Everybody!!
Hey, Em, let me get that instrumental
Take it down to the hood
Let the little homies get this remix crackin'!
Detroit! Okay!
You fuckin' groupie!
Pick up the goddamn phone!

Bitch, where the fuck were you Tuesday?
With who you say?
I wasn't at the studio, bitch, what'd you do? Screw Dre?
You went there lookin' for me? Boo, that excuse is too lame
Keep playin' me, you're gonna end up with a huge goose egg
You fake, lyin' slut, you never told me you knew Drake
And Lupe? You want to lose two legs?
You tryin' to flip this on me?
If I spent more time with you, you say
"Okay, yeah, and I'm coo-coo, eh?", well, screw you
And I'll be the third person who screwed you today
Oh, fourth—Dre, Drake, Lupe—oohm, touché
You were too two-faced for me
Thought you was my number one true-blue ace, but you ain't
And I can't see you when you make that wittle boo-boo face
'Cause I'm hanging up this phone, boo
You make my fuckin' Bluetooth ache
You're feeling blue? Too late; go smurf yourself!
You make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid
Here's what you say to someone you hate

My life would be so much better
If you just dropped dead
I was layin' in bed last night, thinkin'
And this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit
Just be a lot easier if you dropped dead?
I would feel so much better

Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brink
Hop on the freeway tryna get some time alone and just think
'Til the cops pulled me over
But they let me go, 'cause I told 'em I'm only drivin' drunk
'Cause that bitch drove me to drink
I'm back on my fuck hoes, with a whole new hatred for blondes
But bias? I hate all bitches the same, baby, come on!
Excuse the pun, but bitch is such a broad statement, and I'm
Channelin' my anger through every single station that's on
'Cause a woman broke my he-art
I say he-art 'cause she ripped it in two pa-arts
And threw it in the garbage; who do you think you a-are?
Bitch, guess it's time for me to get the dust off
And pick myself up off the carpet
But I'll never say the L-word again
I Lo-Lo-Lo-Lo… Lesbian! Aaahhh!
I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
My life'd be so much better if you just—

My life would be so much better
If you just dropped dead
I was layin' in bed last night, thinkin'
And this thought just popped in my head
And I thought, wouldn't shit
Just be a lot easier if you dropped dead?
I would feel so much better

'Cause you told me
You'd love me forever
Bitch, that was a lie
Now I never wanted someone
To die so bad in my fuckin' life
But fuck it, there’s other fish in the sea

And I'ma have a whale of a time, bein' a single sailor
For the night, bitch, on a scale of
One to ten, shit, I must be the Holy Grail of
Catches, ho, I got an Oscar
Attached to my fuckin' name (De La)
I might hit the club, find a chick that's tailor-
Made for me, say fuck it
Kick some shots back, get hammered, and nail her
These bitches tryin' to get attached, but they're failin'
To latch onto the tail of
My bumper, they're scratchin' at the back of my trailer
Like I'm itchin' to get hitched
Yeah, I'm rich as a bitch
But bitches ain't shit, I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
Bitch, you complain when you listen to this
But you still throw yourself at me: that's what I call pitchin' a bitch
That's why I'm swingin' at this chicks on-site
Long as I got a bat and two balls it's foul, but my dick's on strike
So all that love shit is null and void, bitch, I'm a droid
I avoid Cupid, stupid! Wasn't for blow jobs, you'd be unemployed
Oye-yoy-yoy, man-oh-man, your boy-boy-boy's
Gettin' sick of these girls-girls-girls, oink-oink-oink
You fuckin' pigs, all you're good for is doink-doink-doink
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one
She's all 99 of 'em, I need a machine gun
I'll take 'em all out, I hope you hear this song
And go into a cardiac arrest, have a heart attack and just
Drop dead, and I'ma throw a fuckin' party after this, 'cause yes

My life would be so much better
If you just dropped dead (I hate you)
I was layin' in bed last night, thinkin'
And this thought just popped in my head (you made me like this way)
And I thought, wouldn't shit
Just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? (bitch)
I would feel so much better

I'm just playin', bitch
You know I love you
And I started from the bottom
Like a snowman—ground-up
Like round chuck, and still put hands on you
Stayin' wound up is how I spend time (get it?)
Sucker free, confidence high
Such a breeze when I pen rhymes
I just got that air about me like wind chimes (yeah)
Another day in the life (uh)
Used to have to scrape to get by (yeah)
Now my community's gated and I
Made it and my neighbors say hi (say hi)
I'm givin' 'em pounds, I'm upscale now
Guess it means I'm way in the sky (way in the sky)
But I still remember the days of
Minimum wage for general labor
Welfare recipient since a minor
Look how government assistance has made ya!
Adversity, if at first you don't succeed
Put your temper to more use
'Cause bein' broke's a poor excuse
That should only give you more fuel
Show 'em why you're you
So close, God, it's like I almost got it
But close only counts in time, bombs and horseshoes
So I Unabomb shit—tick, tick, tick—no remorse, pew!
Screw it, I'm lit, and that attitude I blew up on quick
That's why they call me firecracker
I grew up on WIC—wick, wick, wick—with a short fuse
I got some important news to report to
Anyone who thought I was done: nah bitch, not quite
Spotlight's back on, got my faith, where's yours?

Do you still believe in me?
Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now
And walk out, I will never let you live it down
I'll never quit, do you still believe in me?

Man, I know sometimes
These thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice
To me they're just ink blots
I just fling 'em like slingshots and so precise
So you might wanna think it over twice (yeah)
Or you retards can roll the dice
But beef will at least cost you your career
'Cause even my cheap shots are overpriced
But this middle finger's free as a bird
Nuke warhead at birth, hugest forehead on Earth
Too short for the verse, studied his formula, learned
How to incorporate a curse
Point it towards corporate America
Stick a fork in and turn
'Cause four-letter words are more better heard
The world force-fed a turd to me, you're getting yours
But sometimes I overdo it, but I just get so into it
I was there consolin' you when no one knew it
When your situation showed no improvement
I was that door, you walked over to it
I'm the light at the end of tunnel
So people are always lookin' to me as they're goin' through it
When that tunnel vision is unclear
Shit becomes too much to bear
Since "Cleanin' Out My Closet"
When I was havin' trouble with the snare
I'm that unrealistic prayer answered
And I'ma get you jacked up like you're tryna fix a flat, uh
When you struggle with despair
That double-fisted, bare-knuckles coupled with this pair
Of nuts I'm cuppin', I am your fuckin' switch, nothin' can compare

Do you still believe in me?
Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now
And walk out, I will never let you live it down
I'll never quit, do you still believe in me?

Started from the bottom like a snowman
Oh man, put that in your corncob pipe and smoke that
But my battery's low, I'ma need a boost to my pack
And I know that I always got Proof at my back
I called you "Proof" because I knew for a fact
My ace in the hole, homie, I'm callin' on you
'Cause I think I'm slowly startin' to lose faith in it, so
Give me that apron and mo–
–tivation to go, Hussein with the flow
Fake fans left you two-faced at the show
Let heartbeats loop, produce hate in my soul
Layin' vocals two days in a row
True statement, hate to go down this road
But there's only one route to cross this bridge
So I walk in this bitch with loose change
'Cause all my dues paid, but this booth's takin' its toll
But it's never too late to start a new beginnin'
That goes for you too, so what the fuck you gon' do?
Use the tools you're given!
Or you're gon' use the cards you're dealt
As an excuse for you to not do shit with 'em?
I used to play the loser/victim
'Til I saw the way Proof was driven
I found my vehicle and I haven't ran out of gas yet
And when they stacked decks, turn handicaps into assets
Fanny packs, hourglasses
If time was on my side, I'd still have none to waste
Man, in my younger days
That dream was so much fun to chase
It's like I'd run in place
While this shit dangled in front of my face
But how do you keep up the pace
And the hunger pangs once you've won the race?
When that dual exhaust is coolin' off
'Cause you don't got nothin' left to prove at all
'Cause you done already hit 'em with the coup de grâce
Still you feel the need to go full tilt
That Bruce Willis, that Blue Steel, that true skill
When that wheel's loose, I won't lose will
Do you still believe?
Jumped out of the 2nd floor of a record store
With a Treacherous Four cassette and a cassette recorder
In Ecuador with Edward Norton
Witness the metamorphosis
Of a legend growin' like an expert swordsman
From the Hessian war and
Hence the origin of the Headless Horseman
Born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan
Endless source and reservoir
Of extension cords in dresser drawers
And deadbolts on the bedroom doors
And sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin
Excellent boyfriend
Use intercourse to settle scores
With women who have vendettas towards men
Dickhead is forced in 'til there's shredded foreskin
Reddish torn and they're only bein' fed a portion
Bed sores and sore shins
Pregnant whores can get abortions
Fetish for stickin' metal forks in, self-absorption
Skeletor, I went to Hell and fell a floor
A predator, I'm headed for competitors
Better warn 'em, what I lack in tact and a set of morals
I make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store
Stegosaurus, Chuck Norris with a thesaurus
Yes, of course, a mess of warrants
You want some? Come and get some, boys!
I'm givin' Daniel Pantaleo a refresher course
On excessive force and pressure points
And dressin' George Zimmerman in a fluorescent orange
Dress and four inch heels to address the court
With a bullseye on his back, his whole chest and torso
Are left on the doorsteps of Trayvon's dad as a present for him
In my present form I'm Desert Storm
Appetite for destruction there's no suppressant for
Aggressive, forceful, and less remorseful in every morsel
Unpleasant, horrible; hello, gorgeous!
The rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus
Met a contortionist, said, "When you wanna get sexual?"
She said, "However I fit in your schedule. I'm flexible."
Expired tags on the Saturn, got Catherine Bach
In the back in Daisy Dukes with the hazards on
At a traffic stop gettin' harassed, sign an autograph
For this asshole cop's daughter
Laugh 'cause I called her a brat on it
He spat on it and brought it back lookin' half in shock
Had a heart attack and dropped dead
Started fallin' back with it
And got slapped with a Colin Kaepernick practice sock
One ball and half a dick, Apple Watch
Crack front axle, walked in a Bass Pro Shop with David Hasselhoff, pulled Tabasco sauce out of my satchel
Knocked over a fisherman's tackle box and *crash sound*
Asked if they had a laugh in stock
That was fuckin' stupid…
You got it twisted, all 'cause I offered this bitch
A doggie biscuit, you call me misogynistic
Bitch, get to massagin' this dick!
Like spas in this bitch, slob on it with gobs of lipstick
Got a shoppin' list for you to run some odds and ends with
It's not a bitch on this earth I can be monogamous with
She's non-existent
Robin Thicke with a throbbin' dick on some suave and slick shit
But I shout derogatives at bitches like fuckin' missile launches
Misfit, blond and nitwit
Like I've gone ballistic, with a frostin' tip kit
Screamed, "I hate blondes," and became one, I'm optimistic
Love to start shit
Shovin' Clark Kent's undergarments in the glove compartment
Of the bucket, bumpin' Bubba Sparxxx
I'm double parkin' up at Targets, trouble causer, a double crosser
Shadiest mothafucka you'll ever come across
Olympic gymnast, been known for some assaults
A couple lawsuits, enough to cause a stomach ulcer
Same damn brain scan results as Rainman's is
Something's off, but when Dustin Hoffman's
Dressin' up in your mummy costume
On stage dancin' to "Brain Damage," what's the problem?
Nothing's wrong, the name brand is back to reclaim status
Run the faucet, I'mma dunk
A bunch of Trump supporters underwater
Snuck up on 'em in Ray-Bans in a gray van with a spray tan
It's a wrap, like an ACE bandage
Don't-give-a-fuck persona, to my last DNA strand
E&J in the waistband, at the VMAs with the stagehand
She wants kielbasa, pre-arrange an escape plan
Three-inch blade on point, like a See-and-Say
Consider me a dangerous man
But you should be afraid of this dang candidate
You say Trump don't kiss ass like a puppet
'Cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the fundin'
And that's what you wanted
A fuckin' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand on the button
Who doesn't have to answer to no one—great idea!
If I was president, gettin' off is
The first order of business, once I get in office
Second thing that'll make me happy's walkin' up to Uncle Sam
Naked, laughin', dick cupped in hand
Screamin', "Fuck safe sex!"
Throw a latex and an AIDS test at him
Tell Congress I run this land
And I want the rubber banned, and make it snappy
Addiction to friction and static
Addict who can't escape the habit
Continue to chase the dragon
But as fate would have it, I walked up in Major Magics
Dressed as the maintenance man
In a laser tag vest and a racin' jacket
With a gauge to blast it
And sped away in the station wagon
Stacey Dash's and Casey Anthony's
Crazy asses in the backseat
Throwin' Stayfree pads at me
Dead passenger in the passenger seat
Unfasten the safety latches
And slam on the brakes in traffic so hard
I snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires
'Finna get a murder case and catch it
Like you threw it at me encased in plastic
And send Dylann Roof through the windshield of the Benz
Until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin'...
Like a windmiller with a thin build while his skin's peelin'
And skids 'til he hits a cement pillar
Swing for the fence like Prince Fielder
Knock it into the upper peninsula
You wanna go against 'zilla? The Rap God
When will I quit? Never been realer
The in-stiller of fear, not even a scintilla of doubt
Whose pens iller than Prince in a chinchilla
Or Ben Stiller in a suspense thriller
Revenge killer, avenge syllable binge
Fill a syringe, 'til I
Draw first blood
Even pop shit on my pop shit, and it's popular
Couldn't be more awkwarder
Cause you're innocence I robbed you of
It's my fingers that got stuck up
Taught ya ta, not give a
Slapstick, hockey puck
The broad hunter with the sawed off
Like an arm when it's lopped off of ya
But I'm not gonna, get the shotgun
Or the Glock, I'm gonna opt for the ox
Cause I'm into objects that are sharp when I shop
And it's not a shock, I'm such an obnoxious fucker
The Rock Hudson of rock 'cause who would have thought
This much of a cocksucker to go across the buttocks of Vivica Fox with a box cutter
That was for 50, little slap on the wrist be warned
I'm unravelin' quickly
My squabbles, I'm grappling with your time traveling with me
Try and follow, as I wobble, relapse into history, with a flask of the whiskey
Tip it back then I'm twisting wine bottles
Like what happened to Chris Reeve's spine column
That's the plan of attack when I'm fixing my problems
Wish my chest wasn't having to get these rhymes off 'em
But the fact that I have so many rappers against me mind boggles
And why I haven't come back on these faggots who diss me is
More of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel
But my patience is wearing thin
Swear I been contemplatin' rubbing shit in your face 'til I smear it in
Diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen
And never appear again
If you actually had fuckin' careers to end
But then I think of Molly Qerim and I steer 'em in that direction and forget my ideas for them
Molly, I'm gone off you
Man, light some kush
You're my first take, I'll nail you
Can't lie, I gush
If I won you over, you would be the grand prize
I'm entranced by your looks, come and give the Shady franchise a push
You can get it in the can like some Anheuser Busch
Jeans too small, least three pant sizes tush
Mushed against your damn side, your puss
And thighs are squished
What kind of attire's that?
I'm ready to be rode
Psychopath, bet you we'll get it poppin' like a flat
Light the match to ignite the wrath
Got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in half
Piper Chapmans might just have to picket me
Like a scab
Hard to describe in fact
Startling violent perhaps
Are things that come to mind as soon as I start spitting rhymes like that
And you aren't really surprised at that
But as far as these lines I rap
And these bars, wouldn't dial it back if I star 69ed the track
Why am I such a dick?
(What's your name?) Marshall
(Who's your daddy?) I don't have one

My mother reproduced like the komodo dragon
And had me on the back of a motorcycle, then crashed in
The side of loco-motive with rap, I'm
Loco, it's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun
Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum
'Bout to explode all over the canvas
Back with the Yoda of rap, "In a spasm
Your music usually has 'em
But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't
Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan."
A Jedi in training, colossal brain and
Thoughts are entertainin'
But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and
Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting
Puke Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk
Full of such blind rage I need a seein' eye dog
Can't even find the page I was writing this rhyme on
Oh, it's on the ram-page
Couldn't see what I wrote, I write small
It says, "Ever since I drove a '79 Lincoln with whitewalls
Had a fire in my heart
And a dire desire to aspire to Die Hard."
So as long as I'm on the clock, punching this time card
Hip-hop ain't dying on my watch

Now sometimes when I'm sleepin'
She comes to me in my dreams
Is she taken? Is she mine?
Don't got time, don't care, don't have two shits to give
Let me take you by the hand to promised land
And threaten everyone
'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing

(Now, what's your name?) Marshall
(Who's your daddy?) I don’t know him, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Ha
(Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?)

No, if he had
He wouldn't have ended up in these rhymes on my pad
I wouldn't be so mad, my attitude wouldn't be so bad
Yeah, Dad, I'm the epitome and the prime
Example of what happens when the power of the rhyme
Falls into the wrong hands and
Makes you want to get up and start dancin'
Even if it is Charles Manson
Who just happens to be rappin', blue lights flashin'
Laughin' all the way to the bank, lampin' in my K-Mart mansion
I’m in the style department
With a pile in my cart, rippin' the aisle apart but
With great power comes
Absolutely no responsibility for content
Completely despondent and condescending
The king of nonsense and controversy is on a
Beat-killing spree, Your Honor
I must plead guilty, 'cause I sparked a revolution
Rebel without a cause who caused the evolution
Of rap, to take it to the next level, boost it
But several rebuked it, and whoever produced it
("Hip-hop is the Devil's music")
Does that mean it belongs to me?
'Cause I just happen to be a white honky devil with two horns
That don't honk but every time I speak you hear a beep
But lyrically I never hear a peep, not even a whisper
Rappers better stay clear of me, bitch, 'cause it's the—

It's the time of the season
When hate runs high
And this time, I won't give it to you easy
When I take back what's mine
With pleasured hands
And torture everyone, that is my plan
My job here isn't done
'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing

(What's your name?) Shady
(Who's your daddy?) I don’t give a fuck, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Doubt it, ha
(Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?)

So yeah, Dad, let's walk
Let's have us a father and son talk
But I bet we wouldn't probably get one block
Without me knocking your block off, this is all your fault
Maybe that's why I'm so bananas I a-ppealed to all those walks
Of life, whoever had strife
Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like
'Cause I related to the struggles of young America
When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles
Now they're rippin' out their fuckin' hair again, it's hysterical
I chuckle as everybody bloodies their bare knuckles
Yeah, uh-oh, better beware, knuckle heads!
The sign of my hustle says:
"Don't knock, the door's broken, it won't lock
It might just fly open, get cold-cocked
You critics come to pay me a visit?
Misery loves company, please stay a minute!"
Kryptonite to a hypocrite
Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it
Too busy gettin' stoned in your glass house
To kick rocks, then you wonder why I lash out
Mr. Mathers as advertised on the flyers, so spread the word
'Cause I'm promoting my passion until I'm passed out
Completely brain-dead: Rain Man
Doing a Bankhead in a restraint chair
So, bitch, shoot me a look, it better be a blank stare
Or get shanked in the pancreas
I'm angrier than all eight other reindeer
Put together with Chief Keef 'cause I hate every fuckin' thang, yeah
Even this rhyme, bitch
And quit tryin' look for a fuckin' reason for it that ain't there
But I still am a "Criminal!"
Ten-year-old degenerate grabbin' on my genitals!
The last Mathers LP done went diamond
This time I'm predicting this one will go emerald!
When will the madness end?
How can it when there's no method to the pad and pen?
The only message that I have to send
Is: "Dad, I'm back at it again!"

Yeah… (Who's your daddy?)
I can feel the heat risin'
Everything is on fire
Today is a painful reminder
Of why we can only get brighter
The further you put it behind ya
But right now I'm on the inside
Lookin' out, ‘cause—

I'm standin' in the flames
It’s a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light
I'm standin' in the flames
It’s a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

Yesterday was the tornado warning
Today's like the morning after: your world is torn in half
You wake in its wake to start the mourning process
And rebuilding, you're still a work in progress
Today's a whole new chapter
It's like an enormous asthma
Thunderstorm has passed ya
You weathered it and poked its eye out
With the thorn bush that you used to smell the roses
Stopped to inhale, can't even tell your nose is
Stuffed, so focused on the bright side
Then you floor the gas pedal
And hit the corner fast, the more asserted
Never looking back, may hit the curb
But every day is a new learning curve
As you steer through life
Sometimes you might not wanna swerve, but you have to
To avert a disaster, lucky no permanent damage
‘Cause they hurt you so bad
It's like they murdered your ass
And threw dirt on your casket
But you've returned from the ashes
And that hurt that you have, you just converted to gasoline
And while you're burning the past
Standing in the inferno and chant—

I'm standin' in the flames
It’s a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light
I'm standin' in the flames
It’s a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

You're so familiarized
With what having to swallow this pill is like
It happens all the time, they take your heart and steal your life
And it's as though you feel you've died
‘Cause you've been killed inside
But yet you're still alive, which means you will survive
Although today you may weep ‘cause you're weakened
And everything seems so bleak and
Hopeless, the light that you're seekin'
It begins to seep in; that's the only thing keepin'
You from leapin' off the mothafreakin' deep end
And I'm pullin' for you to push through this feeling
And with a little time that should do the healing
And by tomorrow you may even feel so good
That you're willing to forgive 'em
Even after all the shit you been put through, this feeling
Of resilience is building, and the flames are burning
Quick as fire would through this building
You're sealed in, but you're fireproof
Flame retardant, you withstood it
And as you climb up to the roof, you're just chillin'
You look down, ‘cause you're so over 'em
You could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling

As time passes, things change every day
But wounds, wounds heal
But scars still remain the same
But tomorrow, today's going down in flames
Throw the match, set the past ablaze

So feel the fire beneath your feet
As you barely even perspire from the heat
Exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief
And as you say goodbye to the grief
It's like watching the walls melt in your prison cell
But you've extinguished this livin' hell
Still a little piece of you dies as you scream—

I'm standin' in the flames
It’s a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light
I'm standin' in the flames
It’s a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

I feel the burn, watch the smoke as I turn
Rising, a phoenix from the flames
I have learned from fighting fights that weren't mine
Not with fists, but with wings that I will fly

And I'm standin' in the flames
It’s a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light
I'm standin' in the flames
It’s a beautiful kind of pain
Settin' fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light
You know, I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody, this year I'm selling records
Now everybody wants to come around
Like I owe 'em something
The fuck you want from me, ten million dollars?
Get the fuck outta here!

You see, I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

Yo, you might see me joggin', you might see me walkin'
You might see me walkin' a dead Rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollerin' at him ‘cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin'
Or leanin' out a window with a cocked shotgun
Drivin' up the block in the car that they shot Pac in
Looking for Big's killers, dressin' ridiculous
Blue and red, like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel 12-gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off ‘cause Biggie and Pac just missed all this
Watchin' all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wrist watches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin
Startin' shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman (Goddamn it!)
An anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
Whose instinct's to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch, retarded? Give me back my sixteen dollars!
All I see is sissies in magazines smilin'
Whatever happened to wilin' out and being violent?
Whatever happened to catchin'
A good old-fashioned passionate ass-whoopin'
And gettin' your shoes, coat and your hat tooken

New Kids on the Block sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it

Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yo)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (ha-ha)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screamin' "I don't care, just bite me!" (na-na)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little four-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear
In faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
And call themselves clowns ‘cause they look queer
Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin' Detroit, when y'all live 20 miles away (fuckin' punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin' faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck — blaow!
Look at y'all runnin' your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin' mile road south of 10
And I don't need help from D12 to beat up two females
In make-up who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
Slim Anus? You damn right, slim anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flamin' faggots

‘Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (You talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
If you assholes doubt me (Assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
Then come take your best shot at me (Best shot at me)

Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy!
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
Of this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get Bizzy"
My fuckin' bitch mom's suin' for 10 million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin'
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it, bitch: Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter, **** ******** **** ******'* * faggot
Talkin' about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fightin' and fussin' over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got ninety-some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house (Hey!)
And then to top it off I walked to the news stand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help
Um, here, "XXL! XXL!"
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Aww, fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

‘Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

‘Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)
Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain
An asshole, that role I think I succeeded fulfillin'
But don't think I ever stopped
To think that I was speaking to children
Everything was happening so fast
It was like I blinked—sold three million
Then it all went blank, all I remember is feelin' ridiculous
‘Cause I was getting sick of this feelin'
Like I am always under attack, man
I could have stacked my shit list to the ceilin'
Women dishin' but really thinking: "If anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him."
Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite when I'm rippin' shit
But since when did this many people ever give a shit
What I had to say? It's just my opinion
If it contradicts how I'm livin', put a dick in your rear end
That's why every time you mentioned a lyric
I thanked you for it, for drawing more attention toward it
‘Cause it gave me an enormous platform
I'm flattered you thought I was that important
But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect
And battled for it, mad awards, had GLAAD annoyed
Atta-boy, they told me to slow down, and I just zoned out
Good luck tryin' to convince a blonde
It's like telling Gwen Stefani that she sold out
‘Cause I was tryin' to leave, no doubt
In anyone's mind one day I'd go down in history
Think they know now, because everybody knows

Everybody knows that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go
People wanna go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide
You are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows

Thanks for the support, asshole! *scratch*
Thanks for the support, asshole!

Quit actin' salty! I was countin' on you to count me out
Ask Asher Roth when he round about
Dissed me to shout me out
Thought I was history, but goddamn, honky
That compliment's like backhanding a donkey
Good way to get your ass socked in the mouth
Nah, I'm off him
But what the fuck is all this trash-talkin' about?
The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me
You knocked me down, I went down for the count
I fell, but the fans caught me, and now
You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me
To take my belt—word to Pacquiao
Momma said there ain't nothin' else to talk about
Better go in that ring and knock 'em out
Or you better not come out
It's poetry in motion
Like Freddie Roach when he's quotin' Shakespeare
So what if the insults are revoltin'?
Even Helen Keller knows life stinks
You think it's a joke 'til you're bullet-riddled
But you should give little shit what I think
This whole world is a mess
Gotta have a goddamn vest on your chest
And a Glock just to go watch Batman
Who needs to test a testicles? Not that man
Half of you don't got the guts and intestinal blockage
Rest of you got lap bands
Stuck to this motto before they put bath salts
And all those water bottles in Colorado, so get lost, Waldo!
My soul's escapin' through this asshole that is gapin'
A black hole, and I'm swallowin' this track whole
Better pack toilet paper, but I'm taking no crap, ho
Here I go down the Bat Pole
And I'm changing back into that old maniac
In fact there they go tryin' to dip out the back-door retreatin'
‘Cause everybody knows

Everybody knows that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go
People wanna go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide
You are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows

Holy mackerel! I'm the biggest jerk on the planet Earth
I smacked a girl off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull
For thinkin' we had some magnetic pull
Then screamed "ICP in this bitch! How do fuckin' magnets work?"
‘Cause you're attractive, but we ain't attractable
Hate to be dramatical, but I'm not romantical
I'm making up words you can understandable, it's tragical
Thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen, that ain't practical
You crackin' a joke, it's laughable
‘Cause me and love's like a bad combination
I keep them feelings locked in a vault
So it's safe to say I'm uncrackable
My heart is truly guarded, full body armor
Bitch, you just need a helmet
‘Cause if you think you're special, you're retarded
Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina
You're a train wreck, I got a one-track mind
Shorty, you're fine, but you sort of remind me of a 49er
‘Cause you been a gold digger since you was a minor
Been tryna hunt me down like a dog
‘Cause you're on my ass but you can't get a cent
‘Cause all of my spare time is spent
On my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin'
Only women that I love are my daughters
But sometimes I rhyme and it sounds like I forget I'm a father
And I push it farther
So, Father, forgive me if I forget to draw the line
It's apparent I shouldn't have been a parent
I'll never grow up, so to hell with your parents
And motherfuckin' Father Time
It ain't never gonna stop a pessimist
Who transformed to an optimist in his prime
So even if I'm half-dead, I'm half alive
Poured my half empty glass in a cup
So now my cup has runneth over
And I'm 'bout to set it on you like a mothafuckin' coaster
I’m going back to what got me here
Yeah, cocky, and can’t knock being rude off, so fear not, my dear
And dry up your teardrops, I'm here
White America's mirror, so don't feel awkward or weird
If you stare at me and see yourself, because you're one too
Shouldn't be a shock, because everybody knows

Everybody knows that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go
People wanna go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide
You are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows
Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die

I can hear the drummer drummin'
And the trumpets, someone's tryna summon someone
I know something's comin'
But I'm runnin' from it, to be standing at the summit
And plummet, how come it wasn't what I thought it was?
Was it too good to be true?
Have nothin', get it all but too much of it
Then lose it again, did I swallow hallucinogens?
‘Cause if not, where the hell did it go?
‘Cause here I sit in Lucifer’s den by the dutch oven
Just choosing to sin, even if it means I'm sellin' my soul
Just to be the undisputed again
Do whatever I gotta do just to win
‘Cause I got this motherfuckin' cloud over my head
Crown around it, thorns on it
Cracks in it, bet you morons didn't think I'd be back, did ya?
How 'bout that? I’m somehow now back to the underdog
But no matter how loud that I bark
This sport is somethin' I never bow-out at
I complain about the game, I shout and I pout, it's a love-hate
But I found out that I can move a mountain of doubt
Even when you bitches are countin' me out
And I appear to be down for the count
Only time I ever been out and about
Is drivin' around town with my fuckin' whereabouts in a doubt
‘Cause I been lost tryna think of what I did to get here
But I'm not a quitter; gotta get up, give it all I got or give up
Spit on, shit on, stepped on, but kept goin'
I'm tryna be headstrong
But it feels like I slept on my neck wrong
‘Cause you're moving onto the next, but is your respect gone?
‘Cause someone told me that…

Kings never die

Don't give me that sob story, liar, don't preach to the choir
You ain't never even had to reach in the fire to dig deep
Nobody ever handed me shit in life, not even a flyer
Wouldn't even take shit into consideration
Obliterate anyone in the way
I think I see why a lot of rappers get on these features
And try to show out on a track with me
But it'd actually have to be
A fuckin' blow-out to get me to retire
Tell these new artists that kings never die
I know shit has changed in this age, fuck a Twitter page
Did it just say I've been upstaged?
Why am I online? It's driving me crazy
I'm ridin' shotgun tryna get a gauge
On what's hot, but I'm not one to conform
But as days pass in this shit
And opinions sway, I can hear 'em say
If I stay passionate maybe I can stage a miraculous
Comeback, as if I went away
But detractors just say so much for the renegade
Someone's gonna make me blow my composure
Here I go again, center stage, and I feel like I'm in a cage
They so want a champion to fall
It's no wonder why I laugh at 'em
‘Cause why can't we win 'em all?
So fuck what these cynics say!
It just goes to show that when my back's against the wall
And I'm under attack again, that I'll act as if I'm 'posed ta
With this pent-up rage, ‘cause all these plaques in my office
On the floor stacked against the door
Are they just metaphors for the odds of me comin' back again?
‘Cause all the accomplishments, accolades, awards
And trophies just don't mean jack anymore
If I'm here today and gone tomorrow, and I'm not gonna be…

Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die

I want it, I'm comin' to get it
So you son of a bitches don't duck
You’re gonna get Riddick Bowe’d
Critics'll end up in critical
Think your shit is dope, all you're gonna get is smoked
And I ain't stopping 'til I'm on top again
All alone and on a throne, like a token of respect
Or a homage poem, or an ode I've been owed
Tossed in the air by my own arm
And launched so hard it broke my collarbone
And when it's my time to go
I'm still not leaving, stop for no one, I don't know
But I've been told, an obstacle that blocks your road
Knock it over, time to go for the pot of gold, ‘cause…

They say kings never die
Just ask Jam Master Jay
They just grow wings and they fly
So, hands up, reach for the sky!
Try to hold on and prolong these moments
‘Cause in a blink of an eye
They'll be over

Tryna secure your legacy like Shakur
And ensure nobody's ever gonna be what you were
So before you're leavin' this Earth
You want people to feel the fury of a pure evil cerebral, berserk
Deacon of words, syllable genius at work
Plus, I'm thinkin' that they're mistakin' my kindness for weakness; kill 'em with meanness
I went from powdered milk and Farina
To flippin' burgers on the grill for some peanuts
At Gilbert's to arenas, call me Gilbert Arenas
Still appeal to the dreamers
I made it to the silverscreen
But Rocky's still what the theme is
Khalil on the beat, ‘cause makin' the beat
Ain’t the same feelin' to me as killin' the beat is
Or fulfillin' to me is what fillin' a seat is
It's that sound-bombing, thirstin' howl
Common, underground, Diamond D, Outsidaz
Stomach growl, throbbin' hunger, out-rhymin' everyone
God, just give me one shot, I swear that I won't let you down
I'ma be around forever-and-a-day, even in the ground
You ain't never ever gonna hear 'em say I ain't…

Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die

Kings never die
I own a mansion but live in a house
A king-size bed but I sleep on the couch
I'm Mr. Brightside, glass is half-full
But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew

This always happens
Thirty minutes from home, gotta lay a log cabin
Only option I have's McDonalds's bathroom
In a public stall, droppin' a football
So every time someone walks in the john I get maddened
"Shady, what up?" What? Come on, man, I'm crappin'
And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin?
Oh, that's odd, I just happened
To run out of tissue, yeah, hand me that
On second thought I'd be glad then
"Thanks, dawg! Name's Todd, a big fan."
I wiped my ass with it
Crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and
Told him: "Todd, you're the shit," when's all of this crap end?
Can't pump my gas without causing an accident
Pump my gas, cut my grass, I can't take out the fuckin' trash
Without someone passin' through my sub, harassin'
I'd count my blessings, but I suck at math
I'd rather wallow than bask sufferin' succotash
But the ant-acid, it gives my stomach gas
When I mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed
Potatoes, so what? Ho, kiss my country bumpkin ass!
Missouri Southern roots, what the fuck is upper class?
Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper
Tupperware in the cupboard, plasticware up the ass
Stuck in the past – iPod, what the fuck is that?
B-Boy to the core, mule, I'm as stubborn as

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me goin'
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on the city that made me
And (life's been good to me so far)

They call me classless, I heard that, I second and third that
Don't know what the fuck I'd be doin' if it weren't rap
Probably be a giant turd sack
But I blew, never turned back
Turned 40 and still sag – teenagers act more fuckin' mature, Jack
Fuck you gonna say to me? I leave on my own terms, asshole
I'm goin' berzerk, my nerves are bad
But I love the perks my work has
I get to meet famous people, look at her dag
Her nylons are ran, her skirt's snagged
And I heard she drag-races, *burp* swag
Tuck in my Hanes shirt tag
You're Danica Patrick (Yeah?) word, skag
We'd be the perfect match
'Cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag
My apologies, no disrespect to technology
But what the heck is all of these buttons?
You expect me to sit here and learn that?
Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda?
Be an expert at computers?
I'd rather be an Encyclopedia Birtannica, hell with
PlayStation, I'm still on my first man on some Zelda
Nintendo, bitch! Run, jump, punch, stab, and I melt the
Mozzarella on my spaghetti
Put in on bread, make a sandwich with Welch's, and belch
They say this spray butter is bad for my health, but
I think this poor white trash from the trailer
Jed Clampett, Fred Sanford, and welfare
Mentality helps to keep me grounded
That's why I never take full advantage of wealth, I
Managed to dwell within these parameters
Still crammin' the shelves full of Hamburger Helper
I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt, a
Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter
With all these pet peeves, goddamn it, to hell, I
Can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones
I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I could yell, the
Other day someone got all elaborate
And stuck a head from a fuckin' dead cat in my mailbox
Went to Burger King, they spit on my onion rings
I think my karma is catchin' up with me

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me goin'
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on the city that made me
And (life's been good to me so far)

Got friends on Facebook all over the world
Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good
So, I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque
I'd hang it up, but the frame is all cracked

I'm tryin' to be low-key, hopefully nobody notices me
In produce, hunched over, giant nosebleed
Ogre style as I mosey over to the frozen aisle
By the frozen yogurt this guy approached me
Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova
The show's over, I'm hidin' in Kroger, buyin' groceries
He just had front-row seats
Told me to sign this poster, then insults me
"Wow! Up close didn't know you had crow's feet!"
I'm in the crossroads, lost, still shoppin' at Costco's
Sloppy Joe's, bulk waffles
Got caught picking my nose (agh!)
Look over, see these two hot hoes
Finger still up one of my nostrils
Right next to 'em, stuck at the light, the fuckin' shit's
Takin' forever to change, it's stuck, these bitches are lovin' it
Rubbin' it in, chucklin', couldn't do nothin'
Play it off, "What you bumpin'?"
"Trunk Muzik, Yelawolf's better," fuckin' bitch!
They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it
The pressure, they want me to follow up with
Another one, after Recovery was so highly coveted
But what good is a fuckin' recovery if I fumble it?
'Cause I'ma drop the ball if I don't get a grip
Hoppin' out shrubbery on you sons of bitches
Wrong subdivision to fuck with, bitch
Quit snappin' fuckin' pictures of my kids
I love my city, but you pushed me to the limit – what a pity!
The shit I complain about
It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky and it's rainin' out
Kool-Aid stain on the couch, I'll never get it out
But bitch, I got an elevator in my house
Ants and a mouse – I'm livin' the dream!

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me goin'
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on the city that made me
And (life's been good to me so far)
Aww, look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it, now you're two
Baby, you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you
Sit down, bitch! You move again
I'll beat the shit out of you! (Okay!)

Don't make me wake this baby!
She don't need to see what I'm 'bout to do!
Quit crying, bitch! Why do you always make me shout at you?!
How could you just leave me and love him out the blue?!
Oh, what's the matter, Kim? Am I too loud for you?!
Too bad, bitch! You're gonna finally hear me out this time!
At first I'm like, "Aight, you wanna throw me out, that's fine!"
But not for him to take my place — are you out your mind?!
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?! Look it, Kim!
Look at your husband now!  (No!)  I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now, is he, little punk?!
(Why are you doing this?!) Shut the fuck up!  (You're drunk!
You're never gonna get away with this!) You think I give a fuck?!
Come on! We're going for a ride, bitch!  (No!)  Sit up front!
(We can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back — well, I will, you'll be in the trunk!

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

You really fucked me, Kim! You really did a number on me!
Never knew me cheatin' on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then, Kim, I was only eighteen
That was years ago, I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!  (I love you!)  Oh God, my brain is racin'
(I love you!) What are you doing? Change the station!
I hate this song! Does this look like a big joke? (No!)
There's a ****-year-old little ***
Laying dead with a slit throat in your living room!
Ha-ha! What, you think I'm kiddin' you?!
You loved him, didn't you?  (No!)
Bullshit, you bitch! Don't fuckin' lie to me!
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you, asshole! Yeah, bite me!
Kim, Kim! Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly, don't you?  (It's not that!)  No, you think I'm ugly
(Baby!)  Get the fuck away from me! Don't touch me!
I hate you! I hate you! I swear to God, I hate you!
Oh my God, I love you! How the fuck could you do this to me?!
(I'm sorry!)  How the fuck could you do this to me?!

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

Come on, get out!  (I can't! I'm scared!)
I said get out, bitch!  (Let go of my hair!
Please don't do this, baby! Please! I love you!
Look, we can just take Hailie and leave!)  Fuck you!
You did this to us! You did it! It's your fault!
Oh my God, I'm crackin' up — get a grip, Marshall!
Hey, remember the time we went to Brian's party
And you were, like, so drunk that you threw up all over Archie?
That was funny, wasn't it?  (Yes)
That was funny, wasn't it?!  (Yes!)
See, it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife, and during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced  (No!)
And while this is going on, his son just woke up
And he walks in, she panics, and he gets his throat cut
(Oh my God!)  So now they both dead
And you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I shoulda known better when you started to act weird
We coulda— hey, where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me, Kim! It's just us, nobody else
You're only makin' this harder on yourself!
Ha-ha, got ya! Go ahead, yell!
Here, I'll scream with you, "Ah, somebody help!"
Don't you get it, bitch? No one can hear you!
Now shut the fuck up and get what's comin' to you!
You were supposed to love me!!!
Now bleed, bitch, bleed!!! Bleed, bitch, bleed!!! Bleed!!!

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder
Ever heard of Aspergers'? It's a rare condition
It's what you're sufferin' from when you simply don't care if it's an
80 degree day and there's no frickin' air conditionin'
And you can't see the bitch’s hair is frizzin'
'Cause you got the windows up, blarin' the system
In your Chevrolet Prizm
The devil ain't on a level same as him
Picture someone who revels in straight masochism
And imagine him givin' an adjective an ass-whoopin'
So bad they should put his ass in prison
A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs
Like they did somethin' to me personally
Used to get bullied, so I'd cut class and ditch it
Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (Sniff it!)
Cadillac from a K Car
My ass from a hole in the ground, still can’t tell 'em a-part
Came straight out the trailer park
Screamin' I'm proud to shop at K-Mart, and it became art
And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are
To this day I still get in fights with the same broad
At the same Walmart, arguin' over the same cart
In the middle of the aisle whilin', I don't give a fuck, I don't play
Bitch, you think you saw this basket first?
You're ass backwards like motherfuckin' Bob and Silent Jay
Illest shit you could think I would say
Mind's like a pile of clay
When's the last time that you saw a villain with a cape
Ripped a gapin' hole in it, flipped out
Ripped down the drapes, tied 'em around my neck
Went down the fire escape of the Empire State
Slipped, fell straight down to the ground
Splattered all over the entire state
And straight to hell, got impaled by the gates
Saw Satan, stuck his face in an ashtray
While I sashayed around flames with a match
And I gave him the gas face
And this ain't got nothin' to do with a scale
Or being gay, little faggot, but by the way
Thoughts are gettin' darker by the day
I'm a combination of Skylar Grey
Tyler the Creator, and Violent J
It's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical
Paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face
I'm insane, every rhyme I say
Sons you like an ultra-violet ray
I’m sellin' hatred, buffet style, all the shit you can eat
$11.99, so come on and pile a plate!
I’m throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise
With the rhyme I’m spittin' while I’m shittin' on competition
In the meantime it’s always mean time, I'm gettin'—

I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

I’ve been a career asshole
I don’t see why these people always got my back
I done said so much fucked up shit
I was born a mistake, but I was put here not by accident
I had a purpose and that purpose
Was to beat a beat purplish, slaughter tracks
I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit
I’m comin' to get that quarter back
Like Ndamukong, the drama can build
Your mama can ask me for my autograph
'Cause that cougar's a MILF
She's the oldest trick in the book, but I sure would fall for that
You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight
When I get on the mic I'ma snap
Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital
When I overdosed woulda caught a flat
If it makes you sick to your stomach acid
Indigestion, my suggestion’s Kaopectate
If it feels like I'm runnin' away with the game
It's 'cause I am, don't speculate, spectate
All I got is dick for days and insults for decades
But I get by with my wicked ways
Lady, you can suck a dick 'til your neck aches
Cry 'til you get puffy eyes, red faced
But I'm leavin' on this jet plane
You ain't fly, you're an airhead
And I'm sick of poundin' a square peg in a round hole
Sorry, another catchphrase
But your baggage ain't gon' fit in my storage overhead space
'Cause it just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods
Other words: don't try to put your heart in a headcase
'Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't
I need my meds, I peed my bed
I'm going blind, I don't see my legs, I keep on falling down
No wonder you can't stand me, I need my cane
Someone help me, I think my face is melting
If you felt these migraines
And see these maggots eat my brain
This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head
If you read my mind, you can see my pain
And you'd see why I be this way
Ever since I was knee-high playin' with G.I. Joes
Told these hoes shut their P-I-E holes, now peep my game
'Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it
Like a fuckin' (fuckin') echo (echo)
(Psych) Psycho on a cyclone cycle, spiralin', here I go
I'm outta control like no other mic go
Stab you 'til the knife goes – dull
I'm nothin' but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes
'Cause I'ma sock it to you!
Dyke ho, you don't like it?
Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle
And ride it like a motorbike
I'm finna blow the mic the whole night, so
Strike up the fuckin' maestro, I'm nitro
And hi, ho, hand me my shovel!
I'm liable to dig my hole deeper
And it's off to H-E double hockey sticks, I go

I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

Ohh, please be empty
Please be empty, please be empty
Thank you, God!
Shit… Is that a girl?
I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in my mouth
And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M.
And lay with eighteen guys naked
And let myself show, let myself show
Buttfuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it
Life's too short to not stroke your bone
So everybody, everybody
Circle jerk, touch my body
Who is that? Where are you going? Come back!
Why does everyone always leave me?
Hello? Fuck you then!
Blow it out your ass!
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I'll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal

Unstoppable, unpoppable thought bubbles
Untoppable thoughts, fuckin' juggernaut that'll
Stomp you in a verse, obstacles I'm drawn to 'em
When the going got rough
Some of what I done fought through was the worst, little sissy
Who the fuck taught you how to persevere?
There ain't no situation that you ever had to respond to that's adverse
The messiest thing you've ever gone through was your purse
Yeah, I don't try like hell, then I might as well
Hang it up like a shelf, gotta keep growin' with it, evolve
Cause you can keep throwin' shit at the wall
But you're gonna find that nothing's gonna stick until you apply yourself
Time to slip in that zone 'til I find myself
Inside the realm of the unknown and boldly go
Into waters where nobody else has gone before
Or willing to go, uncharted, feeling is so
Bomb, I'm feelin' myself, I'm a giant
Sometimes I gotta remind myself that I am...

I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I'll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal

Let me self-empower you
When you're down and they're tryin' to clown the fuck out of you
And you feel like you're runnin' out of fuel
I'll show you how to use doubt as fuel
Convert it to gunpowder too
Now what you do is put the match to the charcoal fluid
Put the spark to it like Martha Stewart barbecuing
Ah screw it, feel like you want to hit that wall then do it
Punch through it, just cock back, put your all into it
Now you gon' take that rage and make that what you wage
Never take back what you say
If you stay strapped in your brain, engaged in a steel cage match
Ready to scrap asap
Take your fists and just ball it
Show who's big and who's smallest you're Christopher Wallace
Now picture 'em all as plastic and foam
Lays flat, where you put your dinner plates at
And set it on 'em like a placemat
(I am phenomenal)
And I want you to say that

I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I'll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal

Oh, step into the unknown and find yourself
You’re floating freely, no emotion

Got a fuckin’ mouth with no shut-off valve
Can't even cut off power to it, but it's what allowed
Me to come up out from under the fuckin' ground
Cause I worked my butt off now
It's a subject that I don't know how to shut up about
Cause I stuck it out
Like a motherfuckin' tongue thats how
I responded when I got shoved around
You're gonna have non-believers
But when you're beyond belief, you probably shouldn't wonder how
Get it how you live
But are you prepared to give more than you get?
And put in twice what you get back from this shit
Though what you sacrifice barely is half, never give
Rap is my shiv
But it's like my shield at the same time I wield and my knife is will
Sometimes I feel just like B. Real from Cypress Hill
How I can just kill a cypher, survivor's guilt
I rhyme like life is still an uphill climb
Ready to face any challenge, waitin'
Can taste it, it's salivation, I'm wagin' retaliation
Look what I have built, reputation is validation
The only thing I'm capable of makin' is amazing
Only thing you're capable of makin' is a false statement
Or accusation... I am legendary status, in fact
That is the only way you'll ever be able to say
You're a legend is makin' an allegation
I write with the left, same hand I hold the mic with
As I fight to the death, 'til my last breath
Manage to prove who the best man is
Prevail at all costs, be the only ones left standin'
In the end, but I ain't gonna be the only one with the advantage
Of knowin' what it's like to be southpaw
Cause you can bet your ass you'll be left handed
Cause I am

I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I'll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal
When I was just a little baby boy
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man
She used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
And I realized she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
‘Cause that's just the way she was

They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?
These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin'
Thinkin' I'm sayin' the shit ‘cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it
Put your hands down, bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you
Shut up, slut! You're causin' too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut — okay, Ma?
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother
Abusing a whore, snorting coke
And we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"
You're goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile vicious
Vain Vicodin, vrin vrin vrin!
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin' from his neck while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts — bitch, I'ma kill you!

You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (‘Cause why?)
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ha-ha)
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Bitch, I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through Hell, shut the hell up
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't "acid rap," but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint?
No, just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No, Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him you give him an impulse
To do it again, then if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth
Bitch, I'ma kill you! I ain't done, this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it
Three or four times in a tub, but that's normal — ain't it, Norman?
Serial killer hiding murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds and we want in yours: let us in, or I'ma kill you!

You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me

I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (‘Cause why?)
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ha-ha)
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Know why I say these things?
‘Cause ladies' screams keep creepin' in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem
I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
These 80 G's a week to say the same things tweece
Twice, whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots, I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em ‘cause their ratings stink
Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to outta school
I don't even believe in breathin'
I'm leavin' air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it
Okay, I'm ready to go play, I got the machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache
You faggots keep eggin' me on
'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you
You hear me? Answer me, or I'ma kill you!

You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you!

You don't wanna fuck with Shady (‘Cause why?)
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ha-ha)
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why not?)
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Ha-ha-ha, I'm just playing, ladies
You know I love you
A lot of people ask me stupid fuckin' questions
A lot of people think that what I say on a record
Or what I talk about on a record
That I actually do in real life or that I believe in it
Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody
That I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it
Well, shit, if you believe that, then I'll kill you
You know why? ‘Cause I'm a criminal!
Criminal! You're goddamn right
I'm a criminal! Yeah, I'm a criminal!

My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or lez
Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress, hate fags? The answer's yes
Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulgin'
That's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of 'em
They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em!
"Hey, it's me, Versace! Whoops, somebody shot me!
And I was just checkin' the mail
Get it? Checkin' the male?"
How many records you expecting to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail?
Come on, relax, guy! I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an amen! (A-men!)
"Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital"
Preacher, preacher! Fifth grade teacher!
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing ‘cause
I watch TV and Comcast cable
And you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from toppin' these charts
And you can't stop me from droppin' each March
With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards ("duhh")
And to think, it's just lil old me
Mr. Don't-Give-a-Fuck still won't leave

I'm a criminal!
‘Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal!
I don't gotta say a word
I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin'
I don't take shit from no one

The mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes and speed
The baby came out, disfigured ligaments, indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby, ‘cause that baby was me
I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
I drink more liquor to fuck you up quicker
Than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word ******
My morals went *pffft* when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk off of his own employee
Now, don't ignore me, you won't avoid me
You can't miss me: I'm white, blonde-haired, and my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
In plane crashes and laughs as long as it ain't happened to him
Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Eminem and Kim combined
"The Maniac's in" in place of the Doctor
‘Cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin' his place
Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you, Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
I'm a criminal!

ROBBER: Aight look, just go up in that motherfucker, get the motherfucking money and get the fuck up outta there
EMINEM: Alright
ROBBER: I’ll be right here waiting on you
EMINEM: Aight
ROBBER: Yo, Em
EMINEM: What?!
ROBBER: Don't kill nobody this time
EMINEM: Awwright… goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fuckin' nerves!
{*Whistling*} How you doin'?
TELLER: Hi, how can I help you?
EMINEM: Yeah, I need to make a withdrawal
TELLER: Okay
EMINEM: Put the fucking money in the bag, bitch, and I won’t kill you!
TELLER: What? Oh my God, don’t kill me!
EMINEM: I’m not gonna kill you, bitch, quit looking around
TELLER: Don’t kill me, I've got two kids at home don't kill me!
EMINEM: I said I’m not gonna fucking kill you
TELLER: Don't kill me!
EMINEM: Hurry the fuck up! {*Gunshot*} Thank you!
Go, go, go!

Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it, I hide for five minutes
Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet
If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut
Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a Jason mask

I'm a criminal!
‘Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal!
I don't gotta say a word
I just flip 'em the bird and keep goin'
I don't take shit from no one
(I am) A criminal!
That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back)
I'm back (Slim Shady)

I murder a rhyme, one word at a time
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that 9, it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waitin' for Hell, like hell, shit, I'm anxious as hell
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen, I was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to get punked and bullied on my block
'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
I used to give a fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press
I'm stressed, too much cess, depressed
Too upset, it's just too much mess
I guess I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say's right
You think of my name now whenever you say hi
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-
-T-E, ‘cause MTV was so friendly to me
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me!
Now, is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect?
Read my lips, bitch! What, my mouth isn't workin'?
You hear this finger? Oh, it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now

That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
Just to see if he's influenced by me, if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit, he's an innocent victim
And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
(*Scratches*) My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational (*scratch*) "Back is the incredible!"
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the Internet
Tryin' to lure your kids with him into bed
It's a sick world we live in these days
"Slim, for pete's sakes, put down Christopher Reeve's legs!"
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
"Slim, it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it."
Mind with no sense in it, fried schizophrenic
Whose eyes get so squinted
I'm blind from smoke in 'em, with my windows tinted
With nine limos rented, doin' lines of coke in 'em
With a bunch of guys hoppin' out, all high and indo scented
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me—

That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

I take seven {kids} from {Columbine}
Stand 'em all in line, add an AK-47, a revolver, a 9
A MAC-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
‘Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy
As the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
‘Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (AHH)
So I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger
Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina
‘Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
It'd be Jennifer Lopez — and Puffy, you know this
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck
If this chick was my own mother
I'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
And have a son and a new brother at the same time
And just say that it ain't mine — what's my name?

That's why they call me Slim Shady
(I'm back) I'm back
(I'm back) I'm back
(Slim Shady)

Guess who's b-back, back
Gue-gue-guess who's back (hi, Mom!)
{​​*scratch*}​​ Guess who's back
{​​*scratch*}​​ Gue {​​*scratch*}​​ guess who's back
D-12 {​​*scratch*}​​ Guess who's back
Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back
Dr. Dre {​​*scratch*}​​ Guess who's back
Back back {​​*scratch*}​​ back {​​*scratch*}​​
Slim Shady, 2001
I'm blew out from this blunt (*sighs*) fuck
Welcome to Detroit
This is the BET, Shady 2.0 Cypher 2011
Myself, Slaughterhouse, and Yelawolf
White Dawg, get 'em!
(Thank you, cracker king!)

Put these mothafuckas in a box, then I send 'em away
Put 'em in a gray 'llac and pop the trunk
And throw 'em in the back, jack; ha, dig 'em a grave
Put a brick inside that Xerox when I print up a page
Movin' keys I can relate, 'cause I live in the cage
I throw up the A, I take 'em to school, I give 'em a grade
An easy E for effort; that's WWA
White with an attitude, alphabet soup is on my plate
All I got is Z's, they sleepin' on me, I can't get 'em awake
I spoon-feed 'em a sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns
Who believe in makin' it rain 'cause all they see is the clouds
And I watch from the couch of the VIP like a potato
With a bunch of meatheads like, "Fuck it, I'll just feed 'em a cow."
Plenty of white boys to pick from this year
But before you pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater
'Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic
But what it's like to pick a fight with me
Is like puttin' Nikes on a cheetah
Better speed up, or at least in my case Adidas
I'm out this bitch, drinkin' Sprite by the two-liter
Holler! Shady Records…

Say I'm from the new school
I'ma say, "Check your tone and watch your mouth!"
If they teachin' how to Dougie, I'm condonin' droppin' out
Forced to wild, y'all birthed me, then gave me up
I just perfected being hip-hop's foster child; now check it
Don't blame y'all for being trash, fans are coppin' it
The radio's the crime scene, the masses are the hostages
In my youth I'd throw shots, the fad was dodgin' it
I'm grown, I ain't watchin' the throne, I'm sabotagin' it
You see that four-headed monster in the storm looms?
Snipe 'em from a distance; the scope got a long zoom
You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room
Gotta figure here you won't get bigger if you on shrooms
If it was left to me, I'd revive what the game be 'bout
I'd have took the wine outta Amy house
Enough raps from you scrub cats 'bout cockin' a snub back
Wayne couldn't teach me how to love that
But I got this chick from uptown, she my summer bunny
Both parents broke, but she come from money
Think my bread is her paper to burn
So I lock her out, and now she doubt David is Stern
She's so bad, I make her hit the telly from a taxi
Then dead her in the Holiday Inn, learned that from Max B
That's why the haters envy, kinda wanna send me llamas
I made it right before their eyes, like I was Benihanas
Is it me, or is what I'm hearing just pitiful?
Airwaves the same, now the stereo's typical
My skin's thick, so the critics ignored
So unafraid to die you'd think I did it before
The boy's Rodman with the trash talk
Magic or Walt with the black ball
Way I bounce off the asphalt with cat paws, glass jaw
Hood of your mask will be the Blackfoot with no passport
Body be found in a mansion in one of my trapdoors
If punks had award you status whores categore
Probably be that of awards
Between Michael Rappaport and Kenny Lattimore
I know hip-hop's alive and well
If it died, you other crews wouldn't survive the smell

I spot a victim, the plot'll thicken when the clock is tickin'
I caught him slippin', I gotta give him a shot, I hit him
With proper spittin', hottest writtens and compositions
So competition's a contradiction
Somebody mention they got a Crooked, highly fiction
We probly different, got Gotti henchmen
Opposition, I'll body quick as Bugatti engines
I'm on a mission to get richer, the sickest lyric-kicker
Diggin' a ditch for different spitters
Weak lyricists get disfigured
Sip liquor, spit like a sick mixture
Of Notorious, Pun and L; get the big picture?
The poster, I'll roast ya
My mind so deadly it's just like the beanie is close to a holster
It's over, control my whole coastal region
Like I'm supposed to, flow is goin' postal even
Open season, heart close to freezin'
Ruthless as Eazy, nigga, approach, I'm squeezin'
Believe me, dopest West-Coaster breathin'
So most y'all hope I'm vegan; nope, I'm beefin'
Rappers need to keep it trill, give me a beat to kill
Too many people still eatin' sleeping pills
People sleepin' on my ether skills
And y'all ain't even real, you 'bout to die in this cypher
Before you die you should do the Jada and leave a will, for real

I ain't a rap dude, I'm a dude who rap
Before this I was movin' crack
Killers y'all become when y'all rhyme, I salute and dap
And if I blink, they'll remove your snaps
You ain't cool, you wack, with your foolish act
Skinny jeans don't mean your ass shoot
It means your booty claps
Don't play like Tyler Perry
This the Slaughterhouse of pain, flow brown, tight and heavy
When it come to 16's, I'm a fiend
Seen in the studio near a needle with a mean lean
Probably writin' bars to Nas' "Thief's Theme"
Gettin' my Yaowa on
Man, all these Olajuwons, we the dream team
This is an all day slaughter
They fiendin' for us to break, like Beyonce's water
The four quarters doin' all the eatin'
And y'all gotta know why I made the cut, I'm Puerto Rican
Ortiz keep the fire ready; and tryin' to put me out
Is like tryin' to steal a transvestite from Eddie

I'm do-or-die dope, and you can make the sticker sittin' on the door of that Phantom your suicide note
Hi, Rihanna! Is Nicki livin' with you?
Let me know so I can buy binoculars and telescopes
Hi, Rihanna! I don't need to know you better
You tell me you love my music again, we go together
Bye, Rihanna! Now back to y'all fools
We rock out, like the outside of a guitar school
Thousand dollar frames I prefer to see the world through
Don't ask me nothin' about Budden, I beat my girl too
You ask me why do I keep her, I say it's cheaper to
That's why I ride around in a Rolls, like Wiz Khalifa do
Rappers, I'm your daddy, I tell you straight as this
You don't kill, but your father will, like Jayden Smith
I tell you like I tell my Spanish chick
You fly, but I ain't going down on no landin' strip
So get your wax on, like Daniel San, or I'ma have to run
Like De la Hoya in drag when cameras come
Point out the greatest rapper alive, I'll headshot him
Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some red bottom
Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife
While I'm cyber-sexin' with Jessica Alba via Skype
I’m on my D-boy, Deebo thing
Spiritual steelo swing, like Cee-Lo Green
Get out the camera with your B-Roll bling
You know your flow is wack
We cornered the market, like a Wal-Mart in a cul-de-sac
Yeah, this is what two million singles sold
And an album that's gold
Look like without having to sell your soul
Nickel!

Ayo, lyrical miracle, spiritual individual, criminal
Subliminal in your swimming pool… (Boooooo!)
You're 'bout to see peace destroyed, it'll never be restored
When I unleash these beastly hordes on your CD stores
Wanna stop it? You gon' need a priest, at least three swords
A license to ill from the Beastie Boys
Three Ouija boards, a squeegee, and please be warned
Don't ask what the squeegee's for
Or the holy water, acid raps that'll eat these floors
Eat a hole in a rhyme book, you see these horns?
And as for me, you ask when I'm gone, will he be mourned?
Is puke lukewarm? Should Casey Anthony do porn?
Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a frickin' shoebox with a shoehorn
Smothered in chloroform, so she can go get her groove on?
Can she duct-tape and Velcro a fetus?
Joell, yo, tell Joe I need his
Empty box from his old shell-toed Adidas
So I can put these babies in a fetal position
They're gettin' elbows to the penis
Yeah, big deal, I took some little kid's Big Wheel
And spit in his frickin' big kids meal
Quit tryna bite me and pinch, you wench, sit still!
Did you just put your six-inch heel
Through my Benz windshield?!
Is it dust we 'bout to kick up?
Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup
Between his stick shift in his frigging pickup
And drink like a hick redneck hillbilly will 'til he gets hicc-ups?
Flippin' the script up, like Mike Vick
Gettin' bit in his junk by a Pit, yup, I'm a sick pup
I'd be a horrible magician, 'cause I'd fuck a trick up
Fix your lips up to say somethin' fly, or zip up!
Aye, B, let's see: you said you were gonna do X-Y-Z
'Til you fuck around and get dropped
Like an E when you add an I-N-G
Don't put a K in front of that, though, when I MC
'Cause I'm not the king of this microphone booth
It's more like a phone booth
Superman in this bitch, Kryptonite won't do
It gives me more power
I bump the Fat Boys and eat rat poison, take meteor showers
Fresh outta the mental hospital
And me not flossin' a middle finger while I hop in a mosh pit
Will be like Nas doin' gospel or R&B—you crazy?
Me pushin' up daisies, that thought is impossible
As if flashin' across the news
Posdnuos was caught with a prostitute
With a huge johnson, boobs and a monstrous tube
Of lube, and a bra, some boots
Some panties, and an aqua blue Mazda
Swallowin' a popsicle, playin' tonsil pool
So kill the rumors, it ain’t happenin'; I’ma rap 'til I'm fossil fuel
2 Chainz!
Yeah, yeah

Take 'em to church, I'm talkin' the tabernacle
It's the return of the body snatcher
Walk in the spot, make my woman smack ya (whoo!)
In a fruit fight, I aim at your Adam's apple
Pull up in the candy car, eatin' a candy bar
And my girl eatin' a candy apple
Yeah (mm), I line their ass up (up)
I aim at their goozer (baow!)
All of these stones on my neck, uh
They must have looked at Medusa
Pockets Rasputia of course
I drove some rims to court
I fucked some twins before
I had a Benz before, this is the sin report
This is the murder, murder, pass the burner, Em (uh)
Your money shorter than an acronym (ayy)
Big body when I'm backin' in (whoo!)
Ladi-dadi, got a bunch of bodies
Niggas fakin', niggas human traffickin' (whoo!)
I'm on the Act' again, uh
This ain't a accident, uh
King like Ak-Ron
I run the trap again, you on the treadmill (treadmill)
Never Neverland, shit came with a Ferris wheel (goddamn!)
Ferris day off, baby, AR in the same car
Most of y'all my sons, aww, look at little JR
F12 same color Kate Moss
Uh, I'm talkin' wristin' the pot
I'm talkin' this and you not
I'm talkin' bricks and you not
I'm talkin' straight up and down, nigga, like 6 o'clock
This is the equinox, this what the people want
Somebody at the door, I heard the speaker knock, uh

I'm at your throat like Chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

Do me a favor, don't do me no favors
These bitches got flavors
They all wanna smoke but ain't doin' no labor
But they shoppin' at Raleys, they stingin' like tasers
Act Hollywood like they play for the Lakers
They fly on the latest
Crocs, alligators, say hi to my haters
Pardon my neighbor
We eatin' that chicken, lobster, potatoes
You must be sniffin' that yayo
If you don't think I'm that nigga
Swagger on ten since a day old
It's a-okay though, whippin' up whip like it's mayo
Every track is a K.O., technical K.O.
Go off your head like I'm Ayo
Out of this world, talkin' NATO
It's 'cause of jail, don't be an A-hole
'Cause I got shooters that shoot when I say so (lay low!)
Wanna be in my shoes, you ain't paid no dues
Real nigga, you ain't break no rules (hell yeah!)
High school, niggas ate yo' food
Might dumb it down a little, but I ain't no fool (hell yeah!)
Niggas hate every day, B (yeah)
Shit is O.C. lately (yeah)
Gotta break 'em off with these Dre beats (yeah)
Or I might go crazy (hell yeah!)
These niggas too goddamn lazy (too lazy)
Don't ever, ever, ever try to play me (to play me)
Lil' shawty now comin' from BK (BK)
But I'm tryna come up like JAY-Z (like JAY-Z)
Nothin' but love from my heart (love from my heart)
I feel entitled to titles (to titles)
Fuck it, man, I want the title (I want the title)
Submission, they goin' all viral

Like Chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah (hell yeah)

Bin Laden with a pen, bodyin' again
I begin slaughterin' your men, prolly shoulda been
Ali or the Svengali embodiment of sin
Like a Saudi in the Taliban plotting an event
In the lobby of the Intercontinental with an obvious intent
And I would not even relent
Up on a little like Osama with a bomb under the bin
And down the middle of the Pentagon
And hit a kindergartener with a rental (stop!)
Back and forth, back and forth
Like Jack Kevorkian's ass to court
"Rap mature! Why can't you be like Macklemore?" (huh?)
"Why you always gotta smack a whore?" (huh?)
It's likely the psychiatric ward's a last resort (huh?)
Something's gotta give, that's for sure
Yet you keep comin' back for more
Not as raw as I was, “'Walk On Water' sucks”
Bitch, suck my dick!
Y'all saw the tracklist and had a fit 'fore you heard it
So you formed your verdict
While you sat with your arms crossed
Did your little reaction videos and talked over songs (chill!)
Nah dog, y'all sayin' I lost it?
Your fuckin' marbles are gone (wait, Em!)
But nowadays, every flow, every cadence sound the same (skrrt)
Brain's a powder keg, I draw inspiration outta hate
Real pain in the paper, I don't trace
But if I look strange and outta place
It's 'cause I'm an alien, that's why I write 'til the page is outta space
Yeah, from 7 Mile in Novara
To "How can I be down?", all of us tryna pile in the car (yeah!)
We shot for the stars (yeah!)
'Cause we only got so much time in this world (yeah!)
So rewind it to your high school dance to the night before
If you think you're promised tomorrow (yeah!)
Now I'm 'bout to fool again
This tune is sick, it's luminous, the moon is lit
A freakin' lunatic, a human computer chip
And I'm soon to stick a broom in the uterus of your Hooters chick
If I was you, I wouldn't do nothin' stupid due to the mood I'm in
I'm losin' it, you get chewed like a Junior Mint
Show me who to rip, it's time for you to get screwed
Empty the lubricant and put super glue in it (woo!)
How many fuckin' rappers did I go through?
Dispel doubt, but you won't admit I smoked
And you was spellbound, hellbound in my snowsuit
But am I s'posed to sound like everything else out?
'Cause I don't get compared to it, only myself now
And I can see the fair-weather fans and sales down
But the only way I care is if I let myself down
But what the fuck have I woke to?
Time to eat the vocals and shit out Pro Tools
I know you still want me to ill out, don't you?
Hopin' the old Slim's gonna spill out, open
Fire on your whole camp with this spit, I roast you
So chill out, no, you
Hoes couldn't roast me with the shit I wrote you
Then I took a stand, went at Tan-Face and practically cut my motherfuckin' fan base in half and still outsold you
You just called my shit trash?
Thank God, I rap better when the odds are stacked
"Revival's wack, I don't like the 'Zombie' track
And when he's talkin' that garbage psychotic crap
Where's your content at?
What's with all the conscious rap?
P!nk, Beyoncé this and Kehlani that" (yeah!)
I just add it to the fuel in my rocket pack
'Til I'm ready to respond, then I'ma launch it at 'em
Idiotic from the fuckin' embryonic sac
To the body bag, I'll be back
And when I am, I'll be at your fuckin' throat like—

Like Chloraseptic
Eminem has a full line of chainsaws
Eminem, Eminem, Eminem, Eminem, Eminem, Eminem
Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper Eminem
"Who can say for sure? Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer. If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use, society would reap a great benefit."

I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
Who's likely to become a serial killer? Case of Tourettes
Fuck, fuck-fuck, can't take the stress
I make a mess as the day progresses
Angry and take it out on the neighbors' hedges
Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches
With these hedge-trimmin' scissors with razor edges
Imagination's dangerous
It's the only way to escape this mess
And make the best of this situation, I guess
'Cause I feel like a little bitch
This predicament's despicable, I'm sick of just gettin' pushed
It's ridiculous, I look like a frickin' wuss
A pussy, this kid just took my stick of licorice
And threw my sticker books in a picker bush
I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook
This fucker was twelve and was six foot, with a vicious hook
He hit me, I fell; I got back up, all I did was book
Now there's using your head, Momma always said—

If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
A brain, you'd be dangerous
I'ma prove you wrong
Momma, I'ma grow one day to be famous
And I'ma be a pain in the anus
I'ma be the bomb
I'ma use my head as a weapon
Find a way to escape this insaneness
Momma always said
"Son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous."
Guess it pays to be brainless

Fast forward some years later, a teenager; this is fun, sweet
I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
It's usually once a month, this is some feat
I've accomplished, they've stomped me
Into the mud, gee, for what reason you stumped me?
But how do you get the shit beat out of you
Beat down and be upbeat when you don't have nothing?
No valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed
'Cause you're doomed from the start
It's like you grew up on Jump Street, from jump street
But if I could just get my head out my ass
I could accomplish any task, practicin' trash-talkin'
In a trance locked in my room
Yeah, but I got some plans, Momma
These damn rhymes are falling out of my pants pocket
I can't stop it, and I'm starting to blend in more
In school this shit helps for sure
I'm getting more self-assured than I've ever been before
Plus no one picks on me anymore
I done put a stop to that, threw my first punch – end of story
Still, in my skull’s a vacant empty void
Been usin’ it more as a bin for storage
Take some inventory: in this gourde there’s a Ford engine
Door hinge, syringe, an orange
An extension cord, and a Ninja sword
Not to mention four linchpins, an astringent stored
Ironin’ board, a bench, a wrench, a ore
Wench, an attention whore
Everything but a brain
But dome's off the fuckin' chain like an independent store
Something's wrong with my head
Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't
'Cause I'd probably be Dahmer, 'cause Momma always said—

If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
A brain, you'd be dangerous
I'ma prove you wrong
Momma, I'ma grow one day to be famous
And I'ma be a pain in the anus
I'ma be the bomb
I'ma use my head as a weapon
Find a way to escape this insaneness
Momma always said
"Son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous."
Guess it pays to be brainless

Now my mom goes wahm-wahm-wahm
'Cause I'm not that smart, but I'm not dumb
I was on a bottom of the pile, gettin' stomped
But somehow I came out on top

I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
I'm nice, y'all, fuck it, I'm out cold
Now everywhere I go they scream out go
I'm 'bout to clean house, yo
I'm Lysol, now I'm just household
Outsold the sell-outs
Freak the hell out Middle America, hear 'em yell out
In terror, they were so scared
And those kids just about belted out
Whatever spouted or fell out
Of my smart aleck mouth, it was so weird
Inappropriate? So be it, I don't see it
Maybe one day when the smoke clears, it won't be as
Motherfuckin' difficult, ch-yeah
'Til then, hopefully you little homos
Get over your fears and phobias
It's okay to be scared straight
They said I provoke queers 'til emotions evoke tears
My whole career's a stroke of sheer genius
Smoke and mirrors, tactical, practical jokes, yeah
You motherfuckin' (insert insult here)
Who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ol' MC'd
Be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it?
And boy, they did flock; can't believe this little hick locked
This hip-hop shit in his hip pocket, and still the shit got
That white-trash traffic in gridlock
Shit hoppin' like six blocks
From a Kid Rock/Insane Clown Posse concert in mid Oc-
-tober, and God forbid I see a wizard
And get a brain in my titanium cranium, y'all, 'cause
I'll turn into the Unabomber, Momma always said—

If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
A brain, you'd be dangerous
I'ma prove you wrong
Momma, I'ma grow one day to be famous
And I'ma be a pain in the anus
I'ma be the bomb
I'ma use my head as a weapon
Find a way to escape this insaneness
Momma always said
"Son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous."
Guess it pays to be brainless

Insaneness ain't even a word, you stupid fuck!
Neither is ain't
Woah! A-get yo' hands in the air
And get to clappin' 'em and, like, back and forth
Because a-this is what you thought it wasn't
It be's the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O, the double G
And check out my man, he goes by the name of, um, er—

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M-80, you little like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit yo' style from
You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open
I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke, and smokin' dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (hi, Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm comin' up quick to strip yo' cash
Bought a ticket to yo' concert just to come and whip yo' ass
Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin' so fast it'll make yo' eyes spin
You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The proof is in the puddin', just ask DeShaun Holton
I'll slit yo' motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman

So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world!" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck!)
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck!)
So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends
My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck!)
But see me on the street and duck 'cause you gon' get
Stuck, stole, and snuffed ('cause I just don't give a fuck!)

I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone
I'm everlastin', I melt vanilla ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin'
Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview
I'll diss yo' magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make yo' freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is lyrical combat, gentlemen, hold your pistols!
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady; M&M was the old initials (bye bye!)
Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion
Pathological liar, blowin' shit outta proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man, dumpin' yo' dead body
Inside of a fuckin' trash can with more holes than an afghan

So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world!" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck!)
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck!)
So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends
My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck!)
But see me on the street and duck 'cause you finna get
Stuck, stole, and snuffed ('cause I just don't give a fuck!)

Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon
On stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin' up while this record is spinnin'
Clinically brain-dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin' a jewel, I'm flippin' a sacred treasure
I'll bite yo' motherfuckin' style just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes
In school, I never said much, too busy havin' a headrush
Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke, I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again
I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median (skrr!)
Finally made it home but I don't got the key to get in

So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world!" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck!)
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck!)
So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends
My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck!)
But see me on the street and duck 'cause you finna get
Stuck, stole, and snuffed ('cause I just don't give a fuck!)

(Shit, fuck everybody!)
Outsidaz, Pacewon, Young Zee (fuck the entire world!)
DU
America! Ha ha ha! We love you
How many people are proud to be citizens
Of this beautiful country of ours, the stripes and the stars
For the rights that men have died for to protect?
The women and men who have broke their necks
For the freedom of speech the United States government has sworn to uphold… or so we're told
(Yo, I want everybody to listen to the words of this song)

I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me
Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs
It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me
So many lives I touched, so much anger aimed
In no particular direction, just sprays and sprays
And straight through your radio waves, it plays and plays
'Til it stays stuck in your head, for days and days
Who would've thought, standin' in this mirror, bleachin' my hair
With some peroxide, reachin' for a t-shirt to wear
That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this?
How could I predict my words would have an impact like this?
I must've struck a chord with somebody up in the office
'Cause Congress keep tellin' me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems
And now they're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government
I'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life, and now I'm dumpin' it on

White America! I could be one of your kids
White America! little Eric looks just like this
White America! Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get!
White America! I could be one of your kids
White America! little Eric looks just like this
White America! Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get!

Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself
If they were brown, Shady'd lose, Shady sits on the shelf
But Shady's cute, Shady knew Shady's dimples would help
Make ladies swoon, baby (ooh, baby!) — look at my sales!
Let's do the math: if I was black, I woulda sold half
I ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that
But I could rap, so fuck school, I'm too cool to go back
Give me the mic! Show me where the fuckin' studio's at!
When I was underground no one gave a fuck I was white
No labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was like
"Fuck it," until I met Dre, the only one to look past
Gave me a chance and I lit a fire up under his ass
Helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got
Was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got
Like damn, we just swapped: sittin' back lookin' at shit, wow
I'm like my skin is it startin' to work to my benefit now?

White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get!
White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get!

See, the problem is I speak to suburban kids
Who otherwise woulda never knew these words exist
Whose moms probly woulda never gave two squirts of piss
'Til I created so much motherfuckin' turbulence
Straight out the tube, right into your livin' rooms I came
And kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre
That's all it took, and they were instantly hooked right in
And they connected with me too, because I looked like them
That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope
Searchin' with a fine tooth comb, it's like this rope
Waitin' to choke, tightenin' around my throat
Watchin' me while I write this, like, "I don't like this note!"
All I hear is: lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy
Sponsors working round the clock to try to stop my concerts early
Surely hip-hop was never a problem in Harlem, only in Boston
After it bothered the fathers of daughters startin' to blossom
So now I'm catchin' the flak from these activists when they raggin'
Actin' like I'm the first rapper to smack a bitch or say "faggot," shit
Just look at me like I'm your closest pal
The posterchild, the motherfuckin' spokesman now, for—

White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get!
White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get!

So to the parents of America, I am the Derringer
Aimed at little Erica to attack her character
The ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns
Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of Congress
And piss on the lawns of the White House
To burn the ​​flag​​ and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker
To spit liquor in the faces of this democracy of hypocrisy
Fuck you, Ms. Cheney! Fuck you, Tipper Gore!
Fuck you with the freest of speech this Divided States of Embarrassment will allow me to have! Fuck you!
Ha ha ha, I'm just playin', America
You know I love you
Aw, yeah (It's like this, like this)
It's Eminem, baby
Back up in that motherfuckin' ass
(Till forever, till forever)
One time for your motherfuckin' mind (For MC's, MC's)
We represent the 313—you know what I’m sayin'?
Yo, they don’t know shit about this, for the '96

Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action
A brainiac in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run
My rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills
I travel through your mind and to your spine like siren drills
I'm slimin' grills of roaches, with spray that disinfects
And twistin' necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue
Turn your system up, twist 'em up
And indulge in the marijuana smog
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more car-tunes than animation
My lamination of nar-er-ration, hits a snare and bass
On a track for duck rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be starin' gazin'
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland; I'm Infinite

You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it
I went to it, servin' a sentence
For murderin' instruments
Now I'm tryin' to repent from it
But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted
To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite

Bust it, I let the beat commence
So I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince
A crew to stomp, and then two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leakin' like oil pans
My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral
Is deeper than a jeep-full of people
MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MC's, and stand the lonely one
Imitator, intimidator, stimulator
Simulator of data, eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis'll smash a stereo to pieces
My a cappella releases classic masterpieces
Through telekinesis, it eases you mentally
Gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite

You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it
I went to it, servin' a sentence
For murderin' instruments
Now I'm tryin' to repent from it
But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted
To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite

Man, I got evidence, I'm never dense
And I've been clever ever since my residence was hesitant
To do some shit that represents the MO
So I'm assumin' all responsibility
‘Cause there's a monster will in me
That always wants to kill MC's
Mic nestler, slammin' like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric-smugglin' embezzler
No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical
I get cynical, act a fool
Then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy
In fact, I can't see, or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratchin'
So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo
On my last jam, plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be, ‘cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit, and tempted
When I see the sins my friends commit; I'm Infinite

You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it
I went to it, servin' a sentence
For murderin' instruments
Now I'm tryin' to repent from it
But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted
To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite

'95, '96 ('96)
And on and on and on (and on and on)
You claim if you get knocked by the cops
You'll give 'em not even a statement
Walk in the arraignment
Shoot the bailiff, karate kick the plaintiff
Gotti with the stainless
I'll just call it shoddy entertainment
If y'all was in the party gettin' faded
On molly, had the audience sedated
You wouldn't catch a body if it fainted
Probably let it fall and hit the pavement
But you'd be the first lobbyin' to claim it
Bitch, stop bein' a lame
Your hobby isn’t robbery and dismemberin' body limbs
Like you was Tommy Lynn Sells
And chainsawin' them in the basement
Hardly fits your job description
Ain't nobody dippin'
Out the back of the club like "Oh my God, he's trippin'!"
Only time you get the blade is probably with the dang lawn equipment, ain't it?
Wouldn't take a bobby pin and wave it
I need to stop bein' debated
You're still copyin', Xeroxing, I'm still copping a feel
Like Bill Cosby at will, popping a pill
Then spill Oxys in Jill's coffee
Then send her out to the hotel lobby a lil' wobbly and still groggy
This blonde fuck's reprehensible
Misconducts, never sensible
Kiss my butt, my set of principles
Is gone, but till I get the President to respond
My pen and pencil is a missile launcher
And send it to Mitch McConnell
Just as big of a bitch as Donald—shit's on, bruh! (haha)
Let me sing this shit soprano
While I do it pizzicato
Ivanka, stiff arm her while I'm hittin' on Melania
And this song's for all ya

'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
I hope you offended
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
I hope you offended
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
I hope you offended
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
Till everybody eats my turds

These drums and hard snares bring out the worst in me
Like Justin Ross Harris at a nursery
Goin' ham at candy yam on nanny cam
I'm gettin' handies with the zanny Xannys in the Caddy armrest
I'm imagining objects
So I'm batting cobwebs from a daddy longleg
In Hamtramck, got the panoramic camera
Xanax, a banana hammock and a Santa hat
I'm smellin' like a damn mechanic
With a chick that looks like Janet Jackson with a Spanish accent
Twice her age and I'm actin' half it (haha)
Grow up? Nah, not that I know of, y'all
Basement just got a frickin' overhaul
Got a stripper pole installed
Started rollin' all through those Klonopins like a bowlin' ball
Like an overdose on twice the ratio of Propofol
And go through no withdrawal
While I get fellatio and give a facial to
An interracial blow-up doll of Rachel Dolezal
You're so appalled ("Em…"), so's my manager
Bitch, I am mature, fuck a pro career
Coast is clear, but nowhere to go from here
And nobody's close so don't compare
They ain't nowhere near, I'm way over here
My competition can't see me—'cause I don't own a mirror!
But, Marshall, you are terrific, so smart and gifted
I'm so narcissistic, when I fart I sniff it
Do a fake dab to smell my armpits, whiff it
Your anxiety's throwin' gang signs
But I made strides with these rape lines
I'm cuttin' back on women hate crimes
Like Ray Rice when he FaceTimes
Bang, bang, bang, bang time
Dang knives're butcher than gay wives
You're gonna need sutures the same size
As the blade I push into caput'cha
When I pull 'em like… (what?) sleigh rides
Gotta stab a bitch at least eight times to make it on Dateline
I came to stake my claim like a canine waitin' in a buffet line
So, Kellyanne Conway, I'm a really bad hombre
Come play, belly dance on me
I've been making wedding plans all day

'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
I hope you offended
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
I hope you offended
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
I hope you offended
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
Till everybody eats my turds

Eight-year-old with the wordplay
Girl, take this pole like a survey
Today wasn't my birthday
But I'm caked up like a dessert tray
So we're in shape, 'cause you're in a slurrin' state
I’m a ten, you’re an eight
Like what I do before, after and durin' rape!
You wanna get into a pissin' contest and find out who's better?
And be made a fool out of when I pull on 'em?
R. Kelly with a full bladder
Non-high school grad, I'm not a scholar
But I'm so cold when I'm droppin' knowledge
My degrees is the same as I got in college (zero)
But nobody's hotter, you owe me my respect
I owe you nada like Haloti, partner
Blow me, told you I'm so dirty, homie
You can throw me in some holy water
With some floaties on and get the soap and try to
Get the Pope to hold me while you hose me off
And nope, I won't be washed
You hope to God I don't explode
I gotta blow this spot up though, I got a lotta mo'
I won't put the sugar coating on it though
'Cause sometimes you can feel like your energy's expired
Rap's got you drained, dead tired, zapped
You feel like a wet pile of crap
But look, man, like the feds buggin' my phone
Uh huh, I get why you're tapped
But you gotta get your fire back
Catch fire, get upset and fire back
Is what I tell myself when times get bad
'Cause sometimes I might get sad
But I take the same advice I had
And tell myself like I used to tell Hailie when life's a drag
Told her to do like her dad: don't cry, get mad
'Cause little baby powders belong in diaper bags
I'm hyper, by the time you see this side of me
I'm right in your ass (sodomy!)
Foot up it, I stood up for the kid
Who had to put up with the bullies at his school (at his school)
You ain't have to have no money
Or go shoppin' just to cop a fuckin' attitude (attitude)
Now my dough's amountin' to a mountain
It's rised too high to count it
Never asked to be rich, all I did was wish
I had a dime for every time that I was doubted
But then I think about it, then I'm enraged
'Cause I just figured out that if I was paid
For the time I spent to put the pen to the page
It'd be minimum wage
But it's embedded in my head I never
Hunted for the bread and butter
What I wanted was to be the one that they was scared of but
I'm never gonna get the credit for the sweat and blood
I put up in the pen, and when I'm dead I wonder
Will they put me on a pedestal
Or forget I was ever this incredible
I guess I better go harder than ever 'cause
I'll never get another mothafuckin' opportunity again
To offend as many people with this I can simply because I can

'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
I hope you offended
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
I hope you offended
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
I hope you offended
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
Till everybody eats my turds
Shady, Aftermath
(Look at that bitch, shit – hey!)
There she go, shakin' that ass on the flo'
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losin' control

Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunk, get fucked up
Hit the strip club, don't forget ones, get your dick rubbed
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted
Pasted, plastered – puke, drink, throw up
Get a new drink, hit the bathroom sink, throw up
Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine goin'
Still got a few chunks on them shoestrings showin'
I was dehydrated 'til the beat vibrated
I was revived as soon as this bitch gyrated
Them hips and licked them lips, and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg in to sing some shit

Two to the one, from the one to the three
I like good pussy and I like good tree
Smoke so much weed, you wouldn't believe
And I get mo' ass than a toilet seat
Three to the one, from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me:
Conversation and Hennessy
I've been to the motherfuckin' mountaintop
Heard motherfuckers talk, seen 'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo' ass I'm gon' continue to rock
Get your ass off the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy, just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close 'cause strobe lights lie

We 'bout to have a party (Turn the music up!)
Let's get it started (Go 'head and shake your butt!)
I'm lookin' fo' a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin', baby? Step right up
Some girls, they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I'm lookin' fo' a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say, every day she be givin' it up

Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride rin-inse
Swish, but don't spit it; swallow it and now finish
Yeah, me and Nate D-O Double-G
Lookin' for a couple bitches with some double D's
Pop a little champagne and a couple E's
Slip it in her bubbly, we-

We finna have a party (Turn the music up!)
Let's get it started (Go 'head and shake your butt!)
I'm lookin' fo' a girl I can fuck in my Hummer truck
Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol' butt
Some girls, they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I want a bitch to sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can, but she won't say no

Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine?
Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine
Now, I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
I told him how you like it from behind

Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

We 'bout to have a party (Turn the music up!)
Let's get it started (Go 'head and shake your butt!)
I'm lookin' fo' a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin', baby? Step right up
Some girls, they act retarded
Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it
I'm lookin' fo' a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say, every day she be givin' it up

There she go, shakin' that ass on the flo'
Bumpin' and grindin' that pole
The way she's grindin' that pole
I think I'm losin' control
God! I ain't leavin' without you, bitch!
You're comin' home with me!
And my boy, and his boy – and his boy, and his girl
Haha, Nate Dogg!
Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check, one-two, we recording?

I'm cancerous
So when I diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again
And break your fucking legs 'til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'ma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown
‘Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono
(Oh no!) So if I said I never did drugs
That would mean I lie and get fucked
More than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
‘Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms then OD
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must've been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both, then smeared blood on the white Bronco
(We did it!) My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped, I'm running out the morgue
With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm 'bout as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone please explain to my brain
That I just severed the main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh; either I'm high
Or I'm nuts, ‘cause if you ain't tilting this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer
Shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
‘Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I've been with ten women who got HIV
Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably wanna grow up to be just like me
Meet Eddie, 23 years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. But on his way in he has a sudden change of heart, and suddenly his conscience comes into play.

All right, stop, now before you walk in the door
Of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence
(But who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin' conscience!

That's nonsense!
Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades

Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

Fuck that, do that shit! Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit, are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You're right!)
Not over this shit (Stop!), drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you
(You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude)

These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I follow, I follow
I follow, I follow all these voices

Meet Stan, 21 years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play.

Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearing her lipstick, slip this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
(Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair?
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot, bare
'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?)
No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail!

These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I follow, I follow
I follow, I follow all these voices

(Man, it feels good to be home.) Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man. (What the fuck!?)

All right, calm down, relax, start breathin'
(Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'
While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off
Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitch's head off!)
Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What, she tripped, fell, landed on his dick?)
All right, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy

Okay, thought about it? Still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?
(What you say?) What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?
(I'ma kill you, mothafucka!) Uhh-ahh, temper, temper
Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK
Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?

‘Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that
Aw, fuck it, what am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both, Grady! Where's your gun at?
(Gunshots)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, 25 to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, 25 to life
Too late
(I can't keep chasing 'em
I'm taking my life back)
Caught in a chase, 25 to life

I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I've made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I woulda stayed
But I've already wasted over half my life, I woulda laid
Down and died for you, I no longer cry for you, no more pain
Bitch, you took me for granted
Took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
Into the dirt, I can no longer stand it
Now my respect, I demand it
I'ma take control of this relationship, command it
And I'ma be the boss of you now, goddamn it
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out, this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you I have stayed
Faithful all the way, this is how I fuckin' get repaid?
Look at how I dress, fuckin' baggy sweats, go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you, I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me, I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothin' less than perfectness
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothin' left
But you keep treatin' me like a staircase: it's time to fuckin' step
And I won't be comin' back, so don't hold your fuckin' breath
You know what you've done, no need to go in depth
I told you you'd be sorry if I fuckin' left
I laughed while you wept, how's it feel now?
Yeah, funny, ain't it? You neglected me
Did me a favor, though, my spirit free you've set
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept
It's unfortunate, but it's…

Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, 25 to life
(Can't take no more)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, 25 to life

I feel like when I bend over backwards for you, all you do is laugh
‘Cause that ain't good enough
You expect me to fold myself in half 'til I snap
Don't think I'm loyal, all I do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side? I have no life outside of that
Don't I give you enough of my time?
You don't think so, do you?
Jealous when I spend time with the girls
Why I'm married to you still? Man, I don't know
But tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcing you – go marry someone else and make 'em famous!
And take away their freedom like you did to me
Treat 'em like you don't need 'em and they ain't worthy of you
Feed 'em the same shit that you made me eat
I'm moving on, forget you
Oh, now I'm special? I ain't feel special when I was with you
All I ever felt was this helplessness
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out, I fell for this
So many times it's ridiculous
And still I stick with this, I'm sick of this
But in my sickness and addiction you're addictive as they get
Evil as they come, vindictive as they make 'em
My friends keep askin' me why I can't just walk away from
I'm addicted to the pain, the stress, the drama
I'm drawn to shit, I guess I'm a
Mess, cursed and blessed, but this time I
Ain't changin' my mind, I'm climbin' out this abyss
You're screamin' as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke of people
Who meant the most to you, you left me off your list
Fuck you, Hip-Hop! I'm leavin' you
My life sentence is served, bitch, and it's just…

Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase 25 to life
(I'm gone, man)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase 25 to life
Too late
Caught in a chase 25 to life