
I once knew a nigga whose real name was William
His primary concern was makin' a million
Bein' the illest hustler that the world ever seen
He used to fuck movie stars and sniff coke in his dreams
A corrupted young mind at the age of thirteen
Nigga never had a father and his mom was a fiend
She put the pipe down, but for every year she was sober
Her son's heart simultaneously grew colder
He started hangin' out, sellin' bags in the projects
Checkin' the young chicks, lookin' for hit-and-run prospects
He was fascinated by material objects
But he understood money never bought respect
He built a reputation, 'cause he could hustle and steal
But got locked once and didn't hesitate to squeal
So criminals he chilled with didn't think he was real
You see, me and niggas like this have never been equal
I don't project my insecurities in other people
He fiended for props like addicts with pipes and needles
So he felt he had to prove to everyone he was evil
A feeble-minded young man with infinite potential
The product of a ghetto-bred capitalistic mental
Coincidentally dropped out of school to sell weed
Dancin' with the Devil, smoked until his eyes would bleed
But he was sick of sellin' trees, and gave in to his greed

Everyone tryin' to be trife never face the consequences
You probably only did a month for minor offenses
Ask a nigga doin' life if he had another chance
But then again, there's always the wicked that knew in advance
Dance forever with the Devil on a cold cell block
But that's what happens when you rape, murder, and sell rock
Devils used to be God's angels that fell from the top
There's no diversity, because we're burnin' in the melting pot

So Billy started robbin' niggas, anything he could do
To get his respect back in the eyes of his crew
Startin' fights over little shit up on the block
Stepped up to sellin' mothers and brothers the crack rock
Workin' overtime for makin' money for the crack spot
Hit the jackpot, and wanted to move up to cocaine
Fulfillin' the Scarface fantasy stuck in his brain
Tired of the block niggas treatin' him the same
He wanted to be major like the cut throats and the thugs
But when he tried to step to 'em, niggas showed him no love
They told him any motherfuckin' coward can sell drugs
Any bitch nigga with a gun can bust slugs
Any nigga with a red shirt can front like a Blood
Even Puffy smoked a motherfucker up in the club
But only a real thug can stab someone 'til they die
Standin' in front of them, starin' straight into their eyes
Billy realized that these men were well-guarded
And they wanted to test him before business started
Suggested rapin' a bitch to prove he was cold-hearted
So now he had a choice between goin' back to his life
Or makin' money with made men up in the cyph'
His dreams about cars and ice made him agree
A hardcore nigga is all he ever wanted to be
And so he met them Friday night at a quarter to three

Everyone tryin' to be trife never face the consequences
You probably only did a month for minor offenses
Ask a nigga doin' life if he had another chance
But then again, there's always the wicked that knew in advance
Dance forever with the Devil on a cold cell block
But that's what happens when you rape, murder, and sell rock
Devils used to be God's angels that fell from the top
There's no diversity, because we're burnin' in the melting pot

They drove around the projects slow while it was rainin'
Smokin' blunts, drinkin' and jokin' for entertainment
Until they saw a woman on the street, walkin' alone
Three in the mornin', comin' back from work, on her way home
And so they quietly got out the car and followed her
Walkin' through the projects, the darkness swallowed her
They wrapped her shirt around her head
And knocked her onto the floor
"This is it, kid, now you got your chance to be raw."
So Billy yoked her up and grabbed the chick by the hair
And dragged her into a lobby that had nobody there
She struggled hard, but they forced her to go up the stairs
They got to the roof and then held her down on the ground
Screamin', "Shut the fuck up, and stop movin' around!"
The shirt covered her face, but she screamed and clawed
So Billy stomped on the bitch until he'd broken her jaw
The dirty bastards knew exactly what they were doin'
They kicked her until they cracked her ribs and she stopped movin'
Blood leakin' through the cloth, she cried silently
And then they all proceeded to rape her violently
Billy was made to go first, but each of them took a turn
Rippin' her up and chokin' her until her throat burned
Her broken jaw mumbled for God, but they weren't concerned
When they were done and she was lyin'
Bloody, broken and bruised
One of them niggas pulled out a brand new twenty-two
They told him that she was a witness of what she'd gone through
And if he killed her, he was guaranteed a spot in the crew
He thought about it for a minute, she was practically dead
And so he leaned over and put the gun right to her head

I'm fallin' and I can't turn back
I'm fallin' and I can't turn back

Right before he pulled the trigger and ended her life
He thought about the cocaine with the platinum and ice
And he felt strong standin' along with his new brothers
Cocked the gat to her head and pulled back the shirt cover
But what he saw made him start to cringe and stutter
'Cause he was starin' into the eyes of his own mother
She looked back at him and cried 'cause he had forsaken her
She cried more painfully than when they were rapin' her
His whole world stopped, he couldn't even contemplate
His corruption had successfully changed his fate
And he remembered how his mom used to come home late
Workin' hard for nothin', because now what was he worth?
He turned away from the woman that had once given him birth
And cryin' out to the sky, 'cause he was lonely and scared
But only the Devil responded, 'cause God wasn't there
And right then he knew what it was to be empty and cold
And so he jumped off the roof and died with no soul
They say death takes you to a better place, but I doubt it
After that, they killed his mother, and never spoke about it
And listen, 'cause the story that I'm tellin' is true
'Cause I was there with Billy Jacobs, and I raped his mom too
And now the Devil follows me everywhere that I go
In fact, I'm sure he's standin' among one of you at my shows
And every street cypher, listenin' to little thugs flow
He could be standin' right next to you, and you wouldn't know
The Devil grows inside the hearts of the selfish and wicked
White, brown, yellow and black — color is not restricted
You have a self-destructive destiny when you're inflicted
And you'll be one of God's children that fell from the top
There's no diversity, because we're burnin' in the melting pot
So when the Devil wants to dance with you, you better say never
Because a dance with the Devil might last you forever
HIDDEN TRACK: "DIABOLICAL"

Oh, y'all motherfuckers thought it was over, huh?
Well, it’s not, you didn’t count on a fallen angel gettin' back
Into the grace of God and comin' after you
Y’all niggas ain’t shit, your producers ain’t shit
Your fuckin' A & R ain’t shit
I’ll fuckin' wipe my ass with your demo deal
Yo, Diabolic, take this motherfucker’s head off!

Go ‘head and grip Glocks
I’ll snap your trigger finger in six spots
You’ll have to lip lock with hypodermic needles to lick shots
I’ll watch you topple flat
Put away your rings and holla back
Can’t freestyle; you’re screwed off the top, like bottle caps
Beneath the surface
I’m overheatin’ your receiving circuits
By unleashin' deeper verses than priests speak in churches
What you preach is worthless
Your worship defeat the purpose
Like President Bush takin' bullets for the secret service
Beyond what y'all fathom, I shit on cats and jaw tap ‘em
Show no compassion, like havin’ a straight-faced orgasm
Tour jack ‘em, have his half-a-ten bitch suck my friend’s dick
In the mean time, you can french kiss this clenched fist
Diabolic: a one-man brigade spreadin' cancer plague
Fist-fuckin’ a pussy’s face, holdin' a hand grenade
So if I catch you bluffin', faggot, you’re less than nothin'
I just had to get that stress off my chest like breast reduction

You motherfuckers are nothin', you cannot harm me
I’ll resurrect every aborted baby and start an army
Storm the planet, huntin' you down, ‘cause I’m on a mission
To split your body into a billion one-celled organisms
Immortal Technique’ll destroy your religion, you stupid bitch
You’re faker than blue-eyed crackers nailed to a crucifix
I’m 'bout to blow up, like NASA Challenger computer chips
Arsenic language transmitted revolutionarily
I’m like time itself: I’m gonna kill you inevitably
Chemically bomb you, fuck usin’ a chrome piece
I’m illmatic, you won’t make it home, like Jerome’s niece
I’ll sever your head diagonally for thinkin' of dissin' me
And then use your dead body to write my name in calligraphy
This puppet democracy brain-washed your psychology
So you’re nothin', like diversity without equality
And your crew is full of more faggots than Greek mythology
Usin' numerology to count the people I sent to Heaven
Produces more digits than 22 divided by 7
You’re like Kevin Spacey: your style is usually suspect
You never killed a cop, you not a motherfuckin' thug yet
Your mind is empty and spacious
Like the part of the brain that appreciates culture in a racist
Face it, you’re too basic, you’re never gonna make it
Like children walkin' through Antarctica, butt-naked
She was on her way to becomin' a college graduate
Wouldn't even stop to talk to the average kid
The type of Latina I'd sit and contemplate marriage with
Fuck the horse and carriage shit, her love was never for hire
Disciplined, intellectual beauty is what I desire
Flyer than Salma Hayek or Jennifer Lopez
Everyone told me, kickin' it to her was hopeless
At first I just thought she didn't mess with broke kids
The thug niggas always talkin' about how they smoke kids
But the rich sniff-coke kids got no play
"I'm not even interested" is what her body language would say
Everyone around the way gave up tryin' to get in it
It didn't matter how good your game was, she wasn't with it
On the block, bitches was jealous but wouldn't admit it
Talk shit, and deny to everyone that they did it, ‘cause they regretted the long list of niggas that they let hit it
And no one ever gave them shit except McDonald's and did-dick
Smokin' weed, with thoughts of envy whenever they lit it
She spoke intelligently and they bit it, always tryin' to copy
But when they tried to use her vocab they sounded sloppy
She had a style, all her own, respectful and pure
I was sick in the head for her, and there wasn't a cure

Don't you know that time waits for no man?
My fate, it's all planned
I'm blessed just to know you
I've loved and I've lost just to hold you all night
Can't find a reason why
God came between you and I
If I had the chance again, I'd never let you go
Hold tight to your love, ‘cause you never know

Her eyes are brown and beautiful, yet empty and sad
I used to talk to her occasionally, and she was glad
That I wasn't just another nigga tryin' to get in it
So every now and then we'd stop and talk for a minute
I didn't have a gimmick, so the minutes turned to hours
On her birthday I gave her a poem with flowers
Then I took her out to dinner after her cousin's baby shower
We talked about power to the people and such
We spent more time together, but it was never enough
I never tried to sneak a touch or even cop a feel
I was too interested in keepin' it real
Perfectly honest and complete
She would always call me "cariño" and never Technique
Bought me a new book to read every two or three weeks
Forever changin' the expression of my thoughts when I speak
It was because of her I even deaded all of my freaks
She convinced me to stop hangin' out on the streets
To stop robbin' and stealin' from people like you
Instead I took her out to the Apollo and the Bronx Zoo
Museo del Barrio, and the Metropolitan too
Got to the point when I was either with her or my crew
So I decided one day to tell her my feelings was true
I couldn't live without her, so I told her, facin' my fears
But honey's only response was a face full of tears
She could only sob hysterically, holdin' me tight
I tried to speak, but she wouldn't stop until I left sight
I felt like a moth who got himself too close to the light
Except I didn't burn, I turned cold after that night

Don't you know that time waits for no man?
My fate, it's all planned
I'm blessed just to know you
I've loved and I've lost just to hold you all night
Can't find a reason why
God came between you and I
If I had the chance again, I'd never let you go
Hold tight to your love, ‘cause you never know

I went on with my life, college and my career
Ended up locked up like an animal for a year
Where the C.O.'s talk to you like they were the overseer
Then I got sent to the hole when my exit was near
At night in my cell, I'd close my eyes and I'd see her
Hold her close in my dreams, but when I woke she disappeared
Just an empty cell until the state gave me parole
In the summer, came back, intact and on track
But the fact of the matter is I still felt cold
Even after my mother hugged me, cryin' at home
My real niggas would catch me thinkin', outta my zone
Fuckin' lots of different women, but I still felt alone
Relatively well-known around the New York underground
But I kept thinkin' of her and how we used to be down
The sound of her voice, and the beautiful smell of her hair
Though gone physically, somehow it was still there
I had to do somethin' because the shit was too much to bear
So I went and visited the building where she used to live
The world looks a lot different after you do a bid
The way your life done changed
While primitive minds are still stuck in the same game
Like her cousin who was on the corner, slangin' cocaine
Stepped in the lobby, and tapped the button next to her last name
Her mom buzzed me up and hugged me up like a mother oughta
But her facial expression changed
When I asked about her daughter

Don't you know that time waits for no man?
My fate, it's all planned
I'm blessed just to know you
I've loved and I've lost just to hold you all night
Can't find a reason why
God came between you and I
If I had the chance again, I'd never let you go
Hold tight to your love, ‘cause you never know

She told me that there was a note, for me, that was left behind
And she had left it there waitin' for such a long time
I was inclined to ask about it, but she brought it up first
I saw a tear swellin' up in her eye, and then she cursed
She told me where the letter was, and I started thinkin' the worst
Reversed my position, stepped over and opened the door
And sure enough there was an envelope
With my name on the floor: "Nobody loves you more than me, cariño," is what the letter said
"By the time you get to read this, I'll probably be dead
But when you left in '97, a part of me went to Heaven
I thank God at least I got to know what love really was
But it hurt me to see what true love really does
‘Cause even though we never made love
You were all that there was
It was because I loved you so much that I had to make you leave
You made me doubt the way I thought
You made me want to believe
And then I slipped up, and I let you get close to me
It was hard to not be openly when people spoke to me
This was not the way I thought my life was supposed to be
Baby, don't you see?
I had a blood transfusion that left me with HIV
Hope didn't exist for me since late in 1993
I died a virgin, I wish I could've given myself to you
I cried in the hospital because there was no one else but you
Promise that you'll meet me in Paradise inevitably
No matter what, I'll keep your love forever with me."
What happened for the rest of the day is still a blur
But I remember wishin' that I was dead, instead of her
She was buried on August 3rd
The story ends without a sequel; and now you know why Technique don't fuckin' fall in love with people
Hold the person that you love closely if they're next to you
The one you love, not the person that'll simply have sex with you
Appreciate them to the fullest extent and then beyond
‘Cause you never really know what you got until it's gone
Yeah, it's that real this time around
Immortal Technique, Revolutionary Vol. 2
It's on now, motherfucker, lock and load!

This is the point of no return, I could never go back
Life without parole, up state, shackled and trapped
Livin' in the hole, lookin' at the world through a crack
But fuck that, I'd rather shoot it out and get clapped
I've gone too far, there ain't no comin' back for me
Auschwitz gas chamber full of Zyklon-B
Just like the Spanish exterminatin' Tainos
Rapin' the black and Indian women, creatin' Latinos
Motherfuckers made me out of self-righteous hatred
And now you got yourself a virus, stuck in the Matrix
A suicide bomber strapped and ready to blow
Lethal injection, strapped down, ready to go
Don't you understand they'll never let me live out in peace?
Concrete jungle, guerrilla war out in the streets
Nat Turner with the sickle pitch fork and machete
The end of the world, motherfucker, you not ready
This is the point of no return and nobody can stop it
Malcolm Little when he knelt before Elijah Muhammad
The comet that killed the dinosaurs, changin' the Earth
They love to criticize, they always say I change for the worse
Like prescription pills when you misusin' them, nigga
The Templar Knights when they took Jerusalem, nigga
And figured out what was buried under Solomon's temple
Al-Aqsa, the name is not coincidental
I know too much, the government is tryin' to murder me
No comin' back, like cuttin' your wrists open vertically
How could the serpent be purposely put in charge of the country?
Genetic engineered sickness spread amongst me
My people are so hungry that they attack without reason
Like a fuckin' dog rippin' off the hand that feeds him
Immortal Technique is treason to the Patriot Act
So come and get me, motherfucker, 'cause I'm not comin' back

This is the point from which I could never return
And if I back down now, then forever I burn
This is the point from which I could never retreat
'Cause If I turn back now there can never be peace
This is the point from which I will die and succeed
Livin' the struggle, I know I'm alive when I bleed
From now on, it can never be the same as before
'Cause the place that I'm from doesn't exist anymore

This is the point of no return, nigga, you better believe this
Mary Magdalene givin' birth to the children of Jesus
The evolution of the world, bloody and dramatic
Human beings killin' monkeys to conquer the planet
The kingdoms of Africa and Mesopotamia
Machine-gunnin' your body with depleted uranium
This is the age of microchips and titanium
The dark side of the Moon and contact with aliens
I started out like Australians: criminal-minded
Broke into Hell, tore it down, and built a city behind it
Southpaw, murderous methodology, nigga
Remember that I'm just a man, don't follow me, nigga
'Cause once you past the point, you can never go home
You've got to face the possibility of dyin' alone
So tell me, motherfucker, how could you die for the throne
When you don't even got the fuckin' heart to die for your own?
It rains acid, one day the Earth will cry from a stone
And you'll be lookin' at the world, livin' inside of a dome
Computerized humanity livin' inside of a clone
This is the place where the unknown is livin' and real
Wormwood to Planet X and the Seventh Seal
Universal truth is not measured in mass appeal
This is the last time that I kneel and pray to the sky
'Cause almost everything that I was ever told was a lie

This is the point from which I could never return
And if I back down now, then forever I burn
This is the point from which I could never retreat
'Cause If I turn back now there can never be peace
This is the point from which I will die and succeed
Livin' the struggle, I know I'm alive when I bleed
From now on, it can never be the same as before
'Cause the place that I'm from doesn't exist anymore
I'm obnoxious, motherfucker, can't you tell?
Run through Little Havana, yellin', "¡Viva Fidel!"
Jerkin' off with the sheets when I stay at hotels
Drinkin' Bacardi at AA meetings, smokin' a L
I'm broke as hell, my attitude is no good
Like workin' for white people after watchin' Rosewood
So I'm a mercenary, I don't care how I get richer
Like American companies that did business with Hitler
Get the picture, nigga? I'm the best of both worlds
Without the hidden camera, and the 12-year-old girl
Let's face it, you're basic, you aren't half the man that I am
I'll throw your gang sign up, and then I'll spit on my hand
Give me a hundred grand!
Give me your watch! Give me your chain!
That's your girl? Bitch, get over here! Give me some brain!
I'll bust off on her face, and right after the segment
She'll probably rub it in her pussy, tryna get herself pregnant
I said it, I meant it, that's the way I deal with enemies
Like pro-lifers that support the death penalty
And don't talk about war when niggas know that you puss
A fuckin' hypocrite draft-dodger like George Bush
Don't push me, nigga, 'cause I'm close to the edge
And I'll jump off with a rope that's wrapped around ya head
Send a dead fetus to my ex on Valentine's Day
The safety's off, nigga, so get the fuck out my way!

Obnoxious, nigga, murderous lyrics
I know that you hear it
Now that I'm gettin' closer and closer, I know that you feel it
You're eatin' off rap, and I hope you choke on your gimmick
Niggas said Hip-Hop was dead, but I'm invokin' the spirit
We takin' it back in the day to the Golden Age
When wack motherfuckers used to get thrown off stage
Immortal Technique, I made this to bump in your ride
Or burn it off the Internet and bump it outside
Nigga, we keepin' it live, we keepin' it live
We keepin' it live, we keepin' it live
Burn it off the fuckin' Internet and bump it outside

Look, motherfucker, my words damage and slaughter
A ragin' alcoholic like the President's daughters
Disgustin' flow, like third-world-country tap water
But before I hit the border, someone give me a quarter
'Cause I'ma prank call COP-SHOT just for kicks
Payback for every time that they called me a spic
And Puerto-Rican chicks tell me that I fuck like I'm loco
And Dominican women call me the "Rompe Toto"
They call me "ocioso," I'd rather get fired than quit
I get unemployment, you work, and we makin' the same shit
How dare you niggas criticize the way that I spit?
You coffee-shop revolutionary son of a bitch!
But you know what the fuck I think is just pathetic and gay?
When niggas speculate what the fuck 'Pac would say
You don't know shit about a dead man's perspective
And talkin' shit'll get your neck bone disconnected
Disrespected, niggas don't show no love
Why you tryna be hardcore, you fuckin' homo thug?
And don't be sensitive and angry at the shit that I wrote
'Cause if you can take a fuckin' dick, you can take a joke
I'll choke your friends in front of you to prove that you've fallen off
And you won't do shit about it
Like the Church during the Holocaust
Kalashnikov machine gun flow that I fire
Obnoxious until they shoot me on the day I retire

Obnoxious, nigga, murderous lyrics
I know that you hear it
Now that I'm gettin' closer and closer, I know that you feel it
You're eatin' off rap, and I hope you choke on your gimmick
Niggas said Hip-Hop was dead, but I'm invokin' the spirit
We takin' it back in the day to the Golden Age
When wack motherfuckers used to get thrown off stage
Immortal Technique, I made this to bump in your ride
Or burn it off the Internet and bump it outside
Nigga, we keepin' it live, we keepin' it live
We keepin' it live, we keepin' it live
Burn it off the fuckin' Internet and bump it outside

Damn, homie!
In high school I beat the shit out of you and your man, homie
Your girl wanna blow me, and don't even know me
She lonely, and she think you a phony
I take a piss on a development deal from Sony
Or Def Jam, 'cause you're like all of the rest, man
This ain't a verse, this is shit-talk at the end of the song
And you can suck a dick if you think I ended it wrong
Fuck you and I'm gone, ha ha ha ha!

Peace to the Stronghold, EOW
Word-A-Mouf, Forbidden Chapters
IAK niggas, Wax Poe, killin' you slow
The Plague, I'll murder a show
You don't even know
Immortal Technique
Revolutionary Vol. 2
Yeah, broadcastin' live from Harlem, New York
Let the truth be known!

You better watch what the fuck flies outta your mouth
Or I'ma hijack a plane and fly it into your house
Burn your apartment with your family tied to the couch
And slit ya throat so when you scream only blood comes out
I doubt that there could ever be a more wicked MC
'Cause AIDS-infested child molesters aren't sicker than me
I see the world for what it is, beyond the white and the black
The way the government downplays historical facts
'Cause the United States sponsored the rise of the Third Reich
Just like the CIA trained terrorists how to fight
Build bombs and sneak box cutters onto a flight
When I was a child, the Devil himself bought me a mic
But I refused the offer, 'cause God sent me to strike
With skills unused like fallopian tubes on a dyke
My words'll expose George Bush and Bin Laden
As two separate parts of the same seven-headed dragon
And you can't fathom the truth, so you don't hear me
You think Illuminati's just a fuckin' conspiracy theory?
That's why conservative racists are all runnin' shit
And your phone is tapped by the Federal Government
So I'm jammin' frequencies in your brain when you speak to me
Technique will rip a rapper to pieces indecently
Pack weapons illegally, 'cause I'm never hesitant
Sniper-scopin' a commission controllin' the President

Father, forgive them, for they don't know right from wrong
The truth will set you free, written down in this song
And the song has the Cause of Death written in code
The Word of God brought to life, that'll save your soul
Save your soul, motherfucker, save your soul!

I hacked the Pentagon for self-incriminating evidence
Of Republican-manufactured white powder pestilence
Marines Corps. flak vest, with the guns and ammo
Spittin' bars like a demon stuck inside a piano
Turn a Sambo into a soldier, with just one line
So here's the truth about the system that'll fuck up your mind
They gave al-Qaeda six billion dollars in 1989 to 1992
And now the last chapters of Revelations are comin' true
And I know a lot of people find it hard to swallow this
'Cause subliminal bigotry makes you hate my politics
But you act like America wouldn't destroy two buildings
In a country that was sponsorin' bombs dropped on our children
I was watchin' the Towers, and though I wasn't the closest
I saw them crumble to the earth like they were full of explosives
And they thought nobody noticed the news report that they did
About the bombs planted on the George Washington bridge
Four non-Arabs arrested during the emergency
And then it disappeared from the news permanently
They dubbed a tape of Osama, and they said it was proof
Jealous of our freedom? I can't believe you bought that excuse!
Rockin' a motherfuckin' flag don't make you a hero
Word to Ground Zero
The Devil crept into Heaven, God overslept on the seventh
The New World Order was born on September eleventh

Father, forgive them, for they don't know right from wrong
The truth will set you free, written down in this song
And the song has the Cause of Death written in code
The Word of God brought to life, that'll save your soul
Save your soul, motherfucker, save your soul!

And just so conservatives don't take it to heart
I don't think Bush did it, 'cause he isn't that smart
He's just a stupid puppet takin' orders on his cell phone
From the same people that sabotaged Senator Wellstone
The military industry got it poppin' and lockin'
Lookin' for a way to justify the Wolfowitz Doctrine
And as a matter of fact, Rumsfeld, now that I think back
Without 9/11, you couldn't have a war in Iraq
Or a defense budget of world conquest proportions
Kill freedom of speech and revoke the right to abortion
Tax cut extortion, a blessing to the wealthy and wicked
But you still have to answer to the Armageddon you scripted
And Dick Cheney, you fuckin' leech, tell them your plans
About building your pipelines through Afghanistan
And how Israeli troops trained the Taliban in Pakistan
You might have some house niggas fooled, but I understand
Colonialism is sponsored by corporations
That's why Halliburton gets paid to rebuild nations
Tell me the truth, I don't scare into paralysis
I know the CIA saw Bin Laden on dialysis
In '98 when he was top ten for the FBI
Government ties is really why the government lies
Read it yourself instead of askin' the government why
'Cause then the cause of death'll cause the propaganda to die

He is scheduled for sixty minutes next. He is going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television. People everywhere are starting to listen to him—it's embarrassing!
The new age is upon us
And yet the past refuses to rest in its shallow grave
For those who hide behind the false image of the son of man
Shall stand before God
It has begun, the beginning of the end
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

The voice of racism preachin' the gospel is devilish
A fake church called the prophet Muhammad a terrorist
Forgetting God is not a religion, but a spiritual bond
And Jesus is the most quoted prophet in the Qu'ran
They bombed innocent people, tryna murder Saddam
When you gave him those chemical weapons to go to war with Iran
This is the information that they hold back from Peter Jennings
'Cause Condoleeza Rice is just a new age Sally Hemings
I break it down with critical language and spiritual anguish
The Judas I hang with, the guilt of betraying Christ
You murdered and stole his religion and painting him white
Translated in psychologically tainted philosophy
Conservative political right wing ideology
Glued together sloppily, the blasphemy of a nation
Got my back to the wall 'cause I'm facin' assassination
Guantanamo Bay, federal incarceration
How could this be, the land of the free, home of the brave
Indigenous holocaust and the home of the slaves
Corporate America dancin' offbeat to the rhythm
You really think this country never sponsored terrorism
Human rights violations, we continue the saga
El Savador and the contras in Nicaragua
And on top of that, you still wanna take me to prison
Just 'cause I won't trade humanity for patriotism

It's like MKUltra, controllin' your brain
Suggestive thinking causing your perspective to change
They wanna rearrange the whole point of view of the ghetto
The fourth branch of the government want us to settle
A bandanna full of glittering generality
Fightin' for freedom and fightin' terror, but what's reality
Read about the history of the place that we live in
And stop letting corporate news tell lies to your children

Flow like the blood of Abraham through the Jews and the Arabs
Broken apart like a woman's heart, abused in a marriage
The brink of holy war, bottled up like a miscarriage
Embedded correspondents don't tell the source of the tension
And they refuse to even mention European intervention
Or the massacres in Jenin, the innocent screams
U.S. manufactured missles and M-16's
Weapon contracts and corrupted American dreams
Media censorship blocking out the video screens
A continent of oil kingdoms bought for a bargain
Democracy is just a word when the people are starvin'
The average citizen made to be blind to the reason
A desert full of genocide where the bodies are freezin'
And the world doesn't believe that you fightin' for freedom
'Cause you fucked the Middle East and gave birth to a demon
It's open season with the CIA buggin' my crib
Trapped in a ghetto region like a Palestinian kid
Where nobody gives a fuck whether you die or you live
I'm tryna give the truth and I know the price is my life
But when I'm gone they'll sing a song about Immortal Technique
Who beheaded the President and the princes and sheiks
You don't give a fuck about us, I can see through your facade
Like a fallen angel standing in the presence of God
Bitch niggas scared of the truth when it looks at you hard

It's like MKUltra, controllin' your brain
Suggestive thinking causing your perspective to change
They wanna rearrange the whole point of view of the ghetto
The fourth branch of the government want us to settle
A bandanna full of glittering generality
Fightin' for freedom and fightin' terror, but what's reality
Martial law is coming soon to the hood, to kill you
While you hanging your flag out your project window”

The fourth branch of the government AKA the media
Seems to now have a retirement plan for ex-military officials
As if their opinion was at all unbiased
A machine shouldn't speak for men
So shut the fuck up you mindless drone
And you know it's serious
When these same media outfits are spending millions of dollars on a PR campaign
To try to convince you they're fair and balanced
When they're some of the most ignorant, and racist people
Giving that type of mentality a safe haven
We act like we share in the spoils of war that they do
We die in wars, we don't get the contracts to make money off 'em afterwards
We don't get weapons contracts, nigga
We don't get cheap labor for our companies, nigga
We are cheap labor, nigga
Turn off the news and read, nigga
Read... read... read
They told me I would never make it, I would never achieve it
Reality is nourishment, but people don't believe it
I guess it's hard to stomach the truth like a bulimic
It's a dirty game and nobody is willin' to clean it
But this is for the paraplegic people dreamin' of runnin'
Ladies married to men who don't please 'em, dreamin' of comin'
Verbally murderous like David Berkowitz when I'm gunnin'
Some cowards on the Internet didn't think I would sell
Scared to talk shit in person 'cause they stuck in a shell
And couldn't understand the pain of bein' stuck in a cell
Hell is not a place you go if you're not a Christian
It's the failure of your life's greatest ambition
It's a bad decision to blindly follow any religion
I don't see the difference in between the wrong and the wrong
Soldiers emptyin' the clips at little kids and they moms
Are just like a desperate motherfucker strapped to a bomb
Humanity's gone, smoked up in a gravity bong
By a Democrat-Republican Cheech and Chong
Immortal Technique, you never heard me preach in a song
I'm not controversial, I'm just speakin' the facts
Put your hands in the air like you got the heat to your back
And shake your body like a baby born addicted to crack
And since life's a gamble like the craps tables at Vegas
I freestyle my destiny, it's not written in pages

I hate it when they tell us how far we came to be
As if our people's history started with slavery
Painfully I discovered the shit they kept us secret
This is the exodus, like the black Jews out of Egypt
I keep it reality based with the music I make
Blow up the truth in your face with the style I run with
Like the Navy missile that shot down Flight 800
I'm like the Africans who came here before Colombus
And from the 1500s until after the morrow
I watched Latin America get raped in the sorrow
You see, the Spaniards never left despues de Colon
And if you don't believe me, you can click on Univision
I never seen so much racism in all of my life
Every program and newscaster, all of them white
It's like apartheid with 10 percent rulin' the rest
That type of stress will make me put the fuckin' tool to your chest
Step in my way, nigga, I wouldn't wanna be ya
I burn slow like pissin' drunk with gonorrhea
I'll do a free show in North Korea, burnin' the flag
While J. Edgar Hoover politicians dress up in drag
Try to confuse you, makin' it hard to follow this:
Capitalism and democracy are not synonymous
You swallow propaganda like a birth control pill
Sellin' your soul to the eye on the back of the dollar bill
But that will never be me 'cause I'm leavin' the past
Like an abused wife with the kids, leavin' your ass
Like a drug addict clean and sober, leavin' the stash
Unbreakable Technique, leavin' the plane crash
I'm out with the black box and I refuse to return
I spit reality instead of what you usually learn
And I refuse to be concerned with condescendin' advice
'Cause I'm the only motherfucker that could change my life

Some people think I won't make it, but I know that I will
Escape the emptiness 'cause that shit is slow and it kills
The flow and the skill, I made y'all believe that it last
You can make the future, but it starts with leavin' the past
Man, you hear this bullshit they be talking
Every day, man
It's like these motherfuckers is just like professional liars
You know what I'm sayin'? It's wild, listen

Bin Laden didn't blow up the projects
It was you, nigga
Tell the truth, nigga!
Bush knocked down the towers
Tell the truth, nigga!
Bush knocked down the towers
Tell the truth, nigga!

I pledge no allegiance, nigga, fuck the President's speeches!
I'm baptized by America and covered in leeches
The dirty water that bleaches your soul and your facial features
Drownin' you in propaganda that they spit through the speakers
And if you speak about the evil that the government does
The Patriot Act will track you to the type of your blood
They try to frame you and say you was tryna sell drugs
And throw a federal indictment on niggas to show you love
This shit is run by fake Christians, fake politicians
Look at they mansions, and look at the conditions you live in
All they talk about is terrorism on television
They tell you to listen, but they don't really tell you they mission
They funded al-Qaeda, and now they blame the Muslim religion
Even though Bin Laden was a CIA tactician
They gave him billions of dollars and they funded his purpose
Fahrenheit 9/11? That's just scratchin' the surface!

Bin Laden didn't blow up the projects
It was you, nigga
Tell the truth, nigga!
Bush knocked down the towers
Tell the truth, nigga!
Bush knocked down the towers
Tell the truth, nigga!

They say the rebels in Iraq still fight for Saddam
But that's bullshit, I'll show you why it's totally wrong
‘Cause if another country invaded the hood tonight
It'd be warfare through Harlem and Washington Heights
I wouldn't be fightin' for Bush or White America's dream
I'd be fightin' for my people's survival and self-esteem
I wouldn't fight for racist churches from the South, my nigga
I'd be fightin' to keep the occupation out, my nigga
You ever clock someone who talk shit or look at you wrong?
Imagine if they shot at you and was rapin' your moms
And of course Saddam Hussein had chemical weapons
We sold him that shit after Ronald Reagan's election
Mercenary contractors fightin' a new era
Corporate military bankin' off the war on terror
They controllin' the ghetto with the fear of attack
Tryin' to distract the fact that they engineerin' the crack
So I'm strapped, like Lee Malvo, holdin' a sniper rifle
These bullets will touch your kids, and I don't mean like Michael
Your body be sent to the morgue, stripped down and recycled
I fire on house niggas that support you and like you
‘Cause innocent people get murdered in the struggle daily
And poor people never get shit and struggle daily
This ain't no alien conspiracy theory, this shit is real
Written on the dollar underneath the Masonic seal

I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the President dead
It's never been said, but I set precedents

Bin Laden didn't blow up the projects
It was you, nigga
Tell the truth, nigga!
Bush knocked down the towers
Tell the truth, nigga!
Bush knocked down the towers
Tell the truth, nigga!

Shady Records was eighty seconds away from the Towers
Some cowards fucked with the wrong building
They meant to hit ours
Yeah, nigga.  Immortal Technique.  Metaphysics

The bling-bling era was cute but it's about to be done
I leave you full of clips like the Moon blocking the Sun
My metaphors are dirty like herpes but harder to catch
Like an escape tunnel in prison, I started from scratch
And now these parasites want a percent of my ASCAP
Trying to control perspective like an acid flashback
But here's a quotable for every single record exec
"Get your fucking hands out my pocket, nigga!" like Malcolm X
But this ain’t a movie.  I'm not a fan or a groupie and I'm not
The type of cat you can afford to miss if you shoot me
Curse the Heavens and laugh when the sky electrocutes me
Immortal Technique stuck in your thoughts, darkening dreams
No one's as good as me.  They just got better marketing schemes
I'll lead you to your own destruction like sparking a fiend
'Cause you got jealousy in your voice like Starscream
And that's the primary reason that I hate y'all faggots
I've been nice since niggas got killed over 8-ball jackets
And Reebok Pumps that didn't do shit for the sneaker
I'm a heatseaker with features that'll reach through the speaker
And murder counter-revolutionaries personally
Break a thermometer and force-feed his kids mercury
A&R's tried jerking me, thinking they call shots
Offered me a deal and a blanket full of smallpox
You're all getting shot, you little fucking treacherous bitches!

This is the business, and y'all ain’t getting nothing for free
And if you devils play broke, then I'm taking your company
You could call it reparations or restitution
Lock and load, nigga. Industrial revolution

I want fifty-three million dollars for my calloused hands
Like the Bush administration gave to the Taliban
And fuck packing grams, nigga.  Learn to speak and behave!
You want to spend twenty years as a government slave?
Two million people in prison keep the government paid
Stuck in a six by eight cell alive in the grave
I was made by revolution to speak to the masses
Deep in the club, toast the truth.  Reach for your glasses
I'll burn an orphanage just to bring heat to you bastards
Innocent deep in a casket—Colombian fashion
Intoxicated off the flow like thug's passion
You motherfuckers will never get me to stop blasting
You're better off asking Ariel Sharon for compassion
You're better off begging for twenty points from a label
You're better off battling cancer under telephone cables
Technique chemically unstable, set to explode
Foretold by the dead sea scrolls written in code
So if your message ain’t shit, fuck the records you sold!
'Cause if you go platinum, it's got nothing to do with luck
It just means that a million people are stupid as fuck
Stuck in the underground, a general that rose to the limit
Without distribution managers, a deal, or a gimmick
Revolutionary Volume 2 murder the critics
And leave your fucking body rotting for the roaches and crickets

This is the business, and y'all ain’t getting nothing for free
And if you devils play broke, then I'm taking your company
You could call it reparations or restitution
Lock and load, nigga. Industrial revolution
Most of my Latino and black people who are struggling to get food, clothes and shelter in the hood are so concerned with that, that philosophising about freedom and socialist democracy is usually unfortunately beyond their rationale. They don't realize that America can't exist without separating them from their identity, because if we had some sense of who we really are, there's no way in hell we'd allow this country to push it's genocidal consensus on our homelands. This ignorance exists, but it can be destroyed
Niggas talk about change and working within the system to achieve that. The problem with always being a conformist is that when you try to change the system from within, it's not you who changes the system; it's the system that will eventually change you. There is usually nothing wrong with compromise in a situation, but compromising yourself in a situation is another story completely, and I have seen this happen long enough in the few years that I've been alive to know that it's a serious problem. Latino America is a huge colony of countries whose presidents are cowards in the face of economic imperialism. You see, third world countries are rich places, abundant in resources, and many of these countries have the capacity to feed their starving people and the children we always see digging for food in trash on commercials. But plutocracies, in other words a government run by the rich such as this one and traditionally oppressive European states, force the third world into buying overpriced, unnecessary goods while exporting huge portions of their natural resources
I'm quite sure that people will look upon my attitude and sentiments and look for hypocrisy and hatred in my words. My revolution is born out of love for my people, not hatred for others
You see, most of Latinos are here because of the great inflation that was caused by American companies in Latin America. Aside from that, many are seeking a life away from the puppet democracies that were funded by the United States; places like El Salvador, Guatemala, Peru, Colombia, Nicaragua, Ecuador and Republica Dominicana, and not just Spanish-speaking countries either, but Haiti and Jamaica as well
As different as we have been taught to look at each other by colonial society, we are in the same struggle and until we realize that, we'll be fighting for scraps from the table of a system that has kept us subservient instead of being self-determined. And that's why we have no control over when the embargo will stop in Cuba, or when the bombs will stop dropping in Vieques
But you see, here in America the attitude that is fed to us is that outside of America there live lesser people. "Fuck them, let them fend for themselves." No, Fuck you, they are you. No matter how much you want to dye your hair blonde and put fake eyes in, or follow an anorexic standard of beauty, or no matter how many diamonds you buy from people who exploit your own brutally to get them, no matter what kind of car you drive or what kind of fancy clothes you put on, you will never be them. They're always gonna look at you as nothing but a little monkey. I'd rather be proud of what I am, rather than desperately trying to be something I'm really not, just to fit in. And whether we want to accept it or not, that's what this culture or lack of culture is feeding us
I want a better life for my family and for my children, but it doesn't have to be at the expense of millions of lives in my homeland. We're given the idea that if we didn't have these people to exploit then America wouldn't be rich enough to let us have these little petty material things in our lives and basic standards of living. No, that's wrong. It's the business giants and the government officials who make all the real money. We have whatever they kick down to us. My enemy is not the average white man, it's not the kid down the block or the kids I see on the street; my enemy is the white man I don't see: the people in the white house, the corporate monopoly owners, fake liberal politicians those are my enemies. The generals of the armies that are mostly conservatives those are the real Mother-Fuckers that I need to bring it to, not the poor, broke country-ass soldier that's too stupid to know shit about the way things are set up
In fact, I have more in common with most working and middle-class white people than I do with most rich black and Latino people. As much as racism bleeds America, we need to understand that classism is the real issue. Many of us are in the same boat and it's sinking, while these bougie Mother-Fuckers ride on a luxury liner, and as long as we keep fighting over kicking people out of the little boat we're all in, we're gonna miss an opportunity to gain a better standard of living as a whole
In other words, I don't want to escape the plantation I want to come back, free all my people, hang the Mother-Fucker that kept me there and burn the house to the god damn ground. I want to take over the encomienda
And give it back to the people who work the land
You cannot change the past but you can make the future, and anyone who tells you different is a Fucking lethargic devil. I don't look at a few token Latinos and black people in the public eye as some type of achievement for my people as a whole. Most of those successful individuals are sell-outs and house Negros
But, I don't consider brothers a sell-out if they move out of the ghetto. Poverty has nothing to do with our people. It's not in our culture to be poor. That's only been the last 500 years of our history; look at the last 2000 years of our existence and what we brought to the world in terms of science, mathematics, agriculture and forms of government. You know the idea of a confederation of provinces where one federal government controls the states? The Europeans who came to this country stole that idea from the Iroquois league. The idea of impeaching a ruler comes from an Aztec tradition. That's why Montezuma was stoned to death by his own people cause he represented the agenda of white Spaniards once he was captured. Not the Aztec people who would become Mexicans
So in conclusion, I'm not gonna vote for anybody just cause they Black or Latino. They have to truly represent the community
And represent what's good for all of us proletariat
Porque sino entonces te mando por el carajo cabron gusano hijo de puta, seramos libre pronto, viva la revolucion, VIVA LA REVOLUCION
Yeah, Harlem streets stay flooded in white powder
Like those motherfuckers runnin' away from the Twin Towers
Gunshots rock the Earth like a meteor shower
Bowlin' For Columbine, fear givin' the media power
Innocence devoured like a chicken spot snack box
Government cocaine cooked into ghetto crack rock
Corrupt cops' false testimony at your arraignment
Check to check, constant struggle to make the payments
Workin' your whole life, wonderin' where the day went
The subway stays packed like a multi-cultural slave ship
It's rush hour, 2:30 to 8, non stoppin'
And people comin' home after corporate sharecroppin'
And fuck flossin'! Mothers are tryin' to feed children
But gentrification is kickin' them out of their buildin'
A generation of babies born without healthcare
Families homeless, thrown the fuck off the welfare

Homicide Harlem, blaow! What's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, blaow! What's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, blaow! What's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, blaow! What's the problem?

It's like Cambodia, "The Killing Fields" uptown
We live in distress and hang the flag upside down
The sound of conservative politicians on television
People in the hood are blind, so they tell us to listen
They vote for us to go to war instantly
But none of their kids serve in the infantry
The odds are stacked against us, like a casino
Think about it: most of the Army is black and Latino
And if you can't acknowledge the reality of my words
You just another stupid motherfucker out on the curb
Tryin' to escape from the ghetto with your ignorant ways
But you can't read history at an illiterate stage
And you can't raise a family on minimum wage
Why the fuck you think most of us are locked in a cage?
I give niggas the truth, 'cause their pride is indigent
You better off rich and guilty than poor and innocent
But I'm sick of feelin' impotent watchin' the world burn
In the era of apocalypse, waitin' my turn
I'm a Harlem nigga that's concerned with the future
And if you're in my way it'd be an honor to shoot ya
Uproot ya with the evil that grows in my people
Makin' them deceitful, cannibalistic, and lethal
But I see through the mentality implanted in us
And I educate my fam about who we should trust

Homicide Harlem, blaow! What's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, blaow! What's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, blaow! What's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, blaow! What's the problem?
Blaow!
You get up and howl about America and democracy
There is no America, there is no democracy
We no longer live in a world of nations and ideologies
The world is a college of corporations
Inexorably determined by the immutable bylaws of business
The world is a business
And I have chosen you to preach this evangel

For all my free market, health care-robbing
Stock-stealing, retirement fund fuckin'-with niggas
Fuck you little credit card-scamming, jewelry-stealing
Crack-selling, liquor store-robbing motherfuckers!
Shout out to the homies Carnegie, OG Willy Randolph Hearst, Farouk, Rockefeller – the real Rockefeller
My main bitch Leona, pour out a little Louis the 13th
Scott Rothstein, Jack Abramoff, hold ya head
My Rothschild niggas: Let's get this money!

I spend my day pairin' America overseas
Pension for the workers, nigga please
Embezzlement etiquette, private settlement
I'm better with confederate rhetoric
From my mansion in Connecticut
Foreclose, evict hoes out of tenement
I twist words like a speech impediment
I hope you got good credit, bitch
If not, better get a new job with benefits
While I play golf with niggas I get cheddar with
New money buys brand new carats
My old money bought your great grandparents
You got grills in your mouth, I ain't mad at ya
I own every goldmine in South Africa
Thanks, baby, you made me a billion
Plus I own a building
For each one of my children's children; that's the shit
Snort coke in the whip, Miss USA suckin' my dick
Yeah, what! Fuck the law, ‘cause real jail is for suckas
I go to country club prison, you dumb motherfuckers
(I am the 1 percent, fuckin' bitch!)

You know my CEO, corporate steeze, please
Overthrow governments overseas in a breeze
Politicians in my pockets for a few hundred G's
So if I'm ever in court, my assets'll never freeze

I got a job and a house and a bank account
When I'm out, I doubt that's something you can say
And if not then I'll fake death like Kenneth Lay
Make money everyday the world burns on its axis
While y'all strugglin' to pay taxes
I'm gettin' my money the fastest
Memos and faxes, shredded up documents
Slush funds through the corrupt continents
But they don't want me indicted
‘Cause they don't want my dirty laundry aired when I fight it
Don't get my lawyers excited
‘Cause what good is a law if you can't rewrite it?
I got CIA traitors, dictators
So fuck y'all whistleblowers and haters!
(Sheeeiiitt!) I'll invest money from al-Qaeda
In the bank 9/11 widows go to later
Capitalism's who I pray to, fuck the state of the world
Money talks, so what the fuck I need to say to your girl?
(I don't pay them to fuck, I pay them to leave!)

You know my CEO, corporate steeze, greed
I treat countries like the IMF, down on your knees
Real gangstas run the world, fuck what you believe
I'll cut down a forest while you niggas burnin' some trees
I'll get your family murdered for a couple of G's
‘Cause your working class money ain't fuckin' with me
You think rappers are rich ‘cause of songs you heard?
My labels make the money and haven't rapped a fuckin' word

Yacht in the ocean, coastin' with the sails out
Hey, America, thanks for the bailouts
I made off with the Banco Ambrosiano
Got away scott-free like El Vaticano
Activists act a bitch, get mad at me
‘Cause of my tax-free charity
80 percent to the staff and company
And 20 percent to the homeless and hungry
The country gotta pay the Fed Reserve
Kick back to the banksters—haven't you learned?
You protest cops or patrols on the street
But I bought city hall, so I own the police
Email, Facebook, and the shit you tweet
All the phone companies, so I heard you speak
And my suggestion is your correction
No elections, sex with no affection
No invention will benefit the world of man
Will exist 'til I've got the money in my hand
World Bank interest rate damn rape on the spot
But I'm a gangsta, you gon' take my money, like it or not, nigga
(I got your country in my pocket, motherfucker!)

You know my CEO, masonic steeze, cheese
Only little people pay all these taxes and fees
Since you were born, we've controlled what you watch and you read
And pretty soon we're gonna own the fuckin' air that you breathe
I take what I want, fucker, I don't have to say please
I convince you that it's good for you, take it and leave
You think presidents are a face of a nation?
I put 'em all where they are, end of the conversation
"I've heard whispers... about the financial support your government receives from the drug industry?"

"Well, the irony of this, of course, is that this money, which is in the billions, is coming from your country. You see, you are the major purchaser of our national product, which is, of course, cocaína."

"Cocaine. On one hand, you're saying the United States government is spending millions of dollars to eliminate the flow of drugs onto our streets. At the same time, we are doing business with the very same government that is flooding our streets with cocaine?"

"Mm, mm, si, si. Let me show you a few of the other characters that are involved in this... tragicomedy."

"Oigan ustedes ahi! Ustedes trabajando! Sigan trabajando carajo!"
"Oye Luis, ¿Cuándo van a terminar?"
"Ahorita."
"Bueno que se apuren los burros. Ahorita viene el camión, apúra, diles!"
"Ahorita van a venir para recoger los productos, apúrate!"
I'm on the border of Bolivia, working for pennies
Treated like a slave, the coca fields have to be ready
The spirit of my people is starving, broken and sweaty
Dreaming about revolution ("¡Revolucion!") looking at my machete
But the workload is too heavy to rise up in arms
And if I ran away, I know they'd probably murder my moms
So I pray to Jesú Cristo when I go to the mission
Process the cocaine paste, and play my position

Ok, listen, Juan Valdez, just get me my product
Before we chop off your hands for worker's misconduct
I got the power to shoot a copper, and not get charged
And it would be sad to see your family in front of a firing squad
So, to feed your kids? I need these bricks
Forty tons in total, let me test it, indeed, I... 
Shit, this is good.  Pass me a tissue
And don't worry about them, I paid off the official

Yo, it don't come as a challenge, I'm the son of some of the foulest
Elected by my people, the only one on the ballot
Born and bred to consult with feds, I laugh at fate
And assassinate my predecessor to have his place
In a Third World fascist state, lock the nation
With 90% of the wealth in 10% of the population
The Central Intelligence Agency takes weight faithfully
The finest type of China white and cocaine, you'll see

Honey, I'm home!  Never mind why your bank account's suddenly grown.  It's
Funny we're so out of this debt from this money we owe! Would you
Run if I told you that I had two governments overthrown
To keep our son enrolled in a private school and to keep our tummies swollen?
Come on, our fucking home was built on a foundation
Of bloody throats. The hungry stolen of their souls.  Of course this country's
Running coke.  I took a stunted oath to hush the ones who know
The CIA conducts the flow for these young hustlers that lust for dough

I don't work in the hood.  Hit my connect.  That’s
What's really good.  They supply work to the hood
These dudes fucking crack me up.  Scrutinized like
We inferior. Petrified when we meet in my area (Calm down)
My dudes don’t shoot until I say so.  You got the loot?
Give me the "Yay-Yay!" like Ice Cube, so don't play with
My llello.  We won't stop for you bastards
My street scramblers chop it and bag it

Taking pictures and tapping phones, debating snitches and
Cracking codes.  Fast to cuff or blast the fo' on any
Hustler stacking dough.  There’s probably crack or blow
And my overtime is where your taxes go.  I’ll gain your trust
Get you to hand weight to us ‘cause we paid up front
On the low with cameras taping ya.  Getting popped
With weight?  The prison sentence is due.  Make the call
And then leave with two kis out the evidence room

With my fame.  Truck, boat, or plane, they’re watching you
You think you got work?  They’re copping too!
We control blocks.  They lock countries and own
Companies.  We had nice cars and sneaker money!
Now there's players out there talking 'bout they holding
With bugs in their house like they down South with windows open
Your dough ain't long—you wrong—you take shorts and soon
Feds’ll be up in your mouth like forks and spoons
So enjoy the rush, live plush off coke bread.  Soon
You'll be in a cell with me like Jenny Lopez
In a school, I was a bully.  Now life is fully a joke
I’ll keep afloat on a boat for Peruvian coke
Players do favors for governors and tax makers
Fat Quakers smoke crack and sex acts with bad mayors
The walls got ears.  You bigmouths probably scared
Not prepared to do years like Javier 
"The story just told is an example of the path that drugs take on their way to every neighborhood, in every state, of this country. It's a lot deeper than the niggas on your block. So when they point the finger at you, brother man? This is what you've got to tell them."


"I'm not guilty. You're the one that's guilty. The lawmakers, the politicians, the Columbian drug lords... all you who lobby against making drugs legal, just like you did with alcohol during the prohibition! You're the one who's guilty. I mean, c'mon, let's kick the ballistics here: ain't no Uzis made in Harlem! Not one of us in here owns a poppy field! This thing is bigger than Immortal Technique. This is big business. This is the American way."
I’m from where the gold and diamonds are ripped from the earth
Right next to the slave castles where the water is cursed
From where police brutality is not half as nice
It makes the hood in America look like paradise
Compared to the AIDS-infested Caribbean slum
African streets where the passport's an American gun
From where they massacre people and try to keep it quiet
And spend the next 25 years tryin' to deny it
I’m from where they cut the hands off if you make a fist
And niggas grow coca, 'cause the job market doesn’t exist
Except slave labor, modern-day company store
And peacekeepers don’t ever ever ever come here no more
From where the bombs that they used to drop on Vietnam
Still has children born deformed, eight months before they gone
I’m from where they lost the true meaning of the Quran
'Cause heroin is not compatible with Islam
And niggas know that but grow that poppy seed anyway
'Cause that food-drop parachute does not come every day
I’m from where people pray to the gods of their conquerors
And practically every president's a money launderer
From where the only place democracy's acceptable
Is if America's candidate is electable
And they might even have a black president, but he’s useless
'Cause he does not control the economy, stupid!

Lock and load your gun where I'm from, the Third World, son
Been to many places, but I’m Third World born
Guerrillas hit and run where I'm from, the Third World, son
You polluted everything and now the Third World’s gone
The water is poison where I'm from, the Third World, son
700 children died by the end of this song
Revolution'll come where I'm from, the Third World, son
Constant occupation leaves the Third World torn

I’m from where the Catholic Church is some racist shit
They helped Europe and America rape this bitch
They pray to white Spanish Jesus, who’s face is this?
But never talk about the black pope Gelasius
I’m from where Soviet weapons still decide elections
Military's like the Mafia: you pay for protection
Catamite sex tours is what the country sells
And rich white businessmen make the best clientèle
I’m from where they too pussy to come film Survivor
And they murder Coca-Cola union organisers
I’m from where the justice system está podrido
Fuck government, niggas politic over perico
Rebelde conocido, enterado vivo
Como otro Argentino desaparecido
'Cause RICO laws don’t apply to the CIA
And motherfuckers make sneakers for a quarter a day
I’m from where they overthrow democratic leaders
Not for the people but for the Wall Street Journal readers
From where blacks, indigenous peoples, and Asians
Were once slaves of the Caucasians
And it’s amazin' how they trained them
To be racist against themselves in the place they was raised in
You kept us caged in
Destroyed our culture and said that you civilised us
Raped our women, and when we were born you despised us
Gentrified us, agent provocateur divide us
And crucified every revolutionary messiah
So I'm a start a global riot
That not even your fake anti-Communist dictators can keep quiet
Fuck your charity medicine tryin' to murder me!
The immunisations you gave us were full of mercury
So now I see the Third World like the rap game, soldier
Nationalize the industry and take it over!

Lock and load your gun where I'm from, the Third World, son
Been to many places, but I’m Third World born
Guerrillas hit and run where I'm from, the Third World, son
You polluted everything and now the Third World’s gone
The water is poison where I'm from, the Third World, son
700 children died by the end of this song
Revolution'll come where I'm from, the Third World, son
Constant occupation leaves the Third World torn
Like anybody, I would like to live — a long life; longevity has its place. But I’m not concerned about that now. I just want to do God’s will. And He’s allowed me to go up to the mountain. And I’ve looked over. And I’ve seen the Promised Land. I may not get there with you. But I want you to know tonight, that we, as a people, will get to the Promised Land. So I’m happy, tonight. I’m not worried about anything. I’m not fearing any man. Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord

The ghetto is like a prison with invisible bars
No matter where you at, it always follows you where you are
And it's hard out there for a pimp to get out of
But it's harder for the hooker that he beat the shit out of
I got niggas underground in the Confederate states
Ironically running from slavery that prison creates
So I never hate on the South: I respect their vision
I just hate on niggas that promote Samboism
And white execs that love to see us in that position
They reflect the stereotypes of America's vision
They want us dancing, cooning and hollering
Only respect us for playing sports and modeling
More than racism: it's stay in your place-ism
More people are trapped in practical blackface-ism
So fuck a Civil War between the North and the South
It's between field niggas and slaves that are stuck in the house

Civil war for the soul of a nation
This is a struggle to save civilization
Demonstrations overthrowing the occupation
The annihilation of mental colonization
Civil war for the soul of a nation
We fight for the future of our civilization
Destroy the corrupt government organizations
Trying to survive cultural assassination

Crip niggas, Blood niggas, eses, Asians
Why the fuck we warring with each other's population?
The devil wanna dead all our population
People and Folk Nation, why the separation?
Why we got Jamaicans hating on Hatians
When the British and French raped both nations?
Mexicans and Blacks kill each other, straight hating
While the government profits from prison population
If you on the bottom, be you Anglo or Asian
You gotta recognize the realness of what I'm saying
You gotta recognize another G ain't the enemy
When the police ride, and kill us frequently
We gotta make the youth see where the truth be
If you a G, then grow and develop GD
50 years of gangs and our people still poor
If we really run the streets, we should really end war


Our hearts were torn apart just like y'all was
Watching towers full of souls fall to sawdust
Everytime we called your office you ignored us
Now you holding hearings on us all inside of Congress
Microscopes on us, ask if we're jihadists
My answer was in line with all of the Founding Fathers
I think Patrick said it best: Give me liberty or death
I shall never accept anything less
You claim innocence, you play victimless
But you gave the kiss of death in the name of self-defense
Slavery and theft have brought our nations to the end
Of pacifying your citizenry with excess
We believe in freedom, justice, security
But they're only pure when they're applied universally
So certainly if I rage against the machine
My aim was only to clean the germs out of the circuitry
Urgently putting fear inside your heart
Make you burn Qu'rans and tell me not to build a mosque
Me, my wife and babies we ain't never made jihad
We just want to touch our heads to the floor and talk to god
Ask him to remove every blemish from our heart
The greatest threat of harm doesn't come from any bomb
The moment you refuse the human rights for just a few
What happens when that few includes you? Civil war
They say the odds against me are crooked and impossible
Like I was born with a hole in my heart as an obstacle
I was left to die by the doctors in the Children's Hospital
But I never lose hope, success is psychological
The world is volatile and the street is my education
Shapin' the nation, like the blueprint of a Mason
While Shawshank record deals get you raped on occasion
So I'm focused on my economic situation
I'm like the little kids on TV that dig through the trash
I hustle regardless of the way you talk shit and laugh
A lot of niggas drop science, but they don't know the math
Because their mind is narrower than the righteous path
It's funny how on the block niggas will kill you for cash
But never raise the gun and cry out, "Freedom at last!"
The cold war is over, but the world is still gettin' colder
Atlas walkin' through the projects, with the hood on my shoulders
I would like to raise my children to grow to be soldiers
But then a general will decide when their life would be over
So I work hard until my personality's split
Like the Black Panthers, into the Bloods and the Crips
They said I would never be shit, but now I sit and reminisce
Like Yeshua ben Yusef flippin' through Genesis
Ignorance is venomous, and it murders the soul
Spreadin' like a virus, runnin' rampant, out of control

So if I should ever fall and get caught in the hustle
Let them know that I died while I fought in a struggle
From the hoodrats to the rich kids lost in a bubble
Spray paintin' on the streets and at the subway tunnels
Write it down and remember that we never gave in
The mind of a child is where the revolution begins
So if the solution has never been to look in yourself
How is it that you expect to find it anywhere else?

Immortal Technique in the streets, back on the hustle
‘Cause three strikes will get you life for stuffin' cracks in a duffle
Upstate, behind steel gates, attacked in a scuffle
Razor blades stuck on the side of pencils
Hacked through your muscle
But the emptiness is what bleeds you to death when it cuts you
And it's the lawyers, not the inmates, schemin' to fuck you
Tryna fight the system from inside eventually corrupts you
But that's what you get when you put a corporation above you
And it's the people that love you that seem to hurt you the most
Sometimes when they die, you find yourself cursin' their ghost
But you make success, nobody delivers your fate
Sometimes you give and you take
Since prehistoric vertebrates crawled out of the lakes
And that's the truth about life
Or to do it to ghetto and your car, rims, and your ice
Because even though we survived
Through the struggle that made us
We still look at ourselves through the eyes of people that hate us
But I'm going to make it regardless of the trumped up charges
And semi-automatic barrages that empty the cartridge
Post-traumatically scarred kids that try to be brave
Because niggas backstab each other just to try to get paid
Turn cannibal, like knights during the crusades
Afraid of responsibility, addicted to greed
Beatin' their girl, purposefully losin' a seed
As if we were bound to the destiny we used to receive

So if I should ever fall and get caught in the hustle
Let them know that I died while I fought in a struggle
From the hoodrats to the rich kids lost in a bubble
Spray paintin' on the streets and at the subway tunnels
Write it down and remember that we never gave in
The mind of a child is where the revolution begins
So if the solution has never been to look in yourself
How is it that you expect to find it anywhere else?

I used to wonder about people who don't believe in themselves
But then I saw the way they portrayed us to everyone else
They cursed us to only see the worst in ourselves
Blind to the fact the whole time we were hurtin' ourselves
I used to wonder about people who don't believe in themselves
But then I saw the way they portrayed us to everyone else
They cursed us to only see the worst in ourselves
Blind to the fact the whole time we were hurtin' ourselves
I used to wonder… {*echo*}
Oh, you motherfuckers thought it was over, huh?
Well, it's not, you didn't count on a fallen angel
Gettin' back into the grace of God and comin' after you
Y'all niggas ain't shit
Your producers ain't shit
Your fuckin' A&R ain't shit
I'll fuckin' wipe my ass with your demo deal
Yo, Diabolic, take this motherfucker's head off!

Go ahead and grip Glocks
I'll snap your trigger finger in six spots
You'll have to lip lock with hypodermic needles to lick shots
I'll watch you topple flat
Put away your writtens and holla back
Can't freestyle, you're screwed off the top, like bottle caps
Beneath the surface, I'm overheatin' your receivin' circuits
By unleashin' deeper verses than priests speak in churches
What you preach is worthless
Your worship defeat the purpose
Like President Bush takin' bullets for the Secret Service
Beyond what y'all fathom
I shit on cats and jaw tap 'em
Show no compassion, like havin' a straight-faced orgasm
Tour jack him, have his half-a-ten bitch suck my friend's dick
In the mean time, you can French kiss this clenched fist
Diabolic, a one-man brigade spreadin' cancer plague
Fist-fuckin' a pussy's face, holdin' a hand grenade
So if I catch you bluffin', faggot, you're less than nothin'
I just had to get that stress off my chest like breast reduction

You motherfuckers are nothin', you cannot harm me
I'll resurrect every aborted baby and start an army
Storm the planet, huntin' you down, ‘cause I'm on a mission
To split your body into a billion one-celled organisms
Immortal Technique'll destroy your religion, you stupid bitch
You're faker than blue-eyed crackers nailed to a crucifix
I'm about to blow up, like NASA Challenger computer chips
Arsenic language transmitted revolutionarily
I'm like time itself: I'm gonna kill you inevitably
Chemically bomb you, fuck usin' a chrome piece!
I'm Illmatic, you won't make it home, like Jerome's niece
I'll sever your head diagonally for thinkin' of dissin' me
And then use your dead body to write my name in calligraphy
This puppet democracy brainwashed your psychology
So you're nothin' like diversity without equality
And your crew is full of more faggots than Greek mythology
Usin' numerology to count the people I sent to Heaven
Produces more digits than twenty-two divided by seven
You're like Kevin Spacey: your style is usually suspect
You never killed a cop, you not a motherfuckin' thug yet
Your mind is empty and spacious
Like the part of the brain that appreciates culture in a racist
Face it, you're too basic, you're never gonna make it
Like children walkin' through Antarctica, butt-naked
"I am content to die for my beliefs
So cut off my head and make me a martyr!
The people will always remember it."
"No, they will forget."
A man who walks with God can walk anywhere
Hence I fear nothing

The point of guerilla war is not to succeed
It's always been just to make the enemy bleed
Deprivin' the soldiers of the peace of mind that they need
Bullets are hard to telegraph when they bob and they weave
The only way a guerilla war can ever be over
Is when the occupation can't afford more soldiers
Until they have to draft the last of you into the service
And you refuse because you don't see the purpose
The only way to counter the insurgents that are well-equipped
Is to paint the people fightin' for freedom as "terrorists"
Then find a faction, lookin' for foreign investment
Install them in power and murder any objections
You can't stop a revolution from breathin'
So to beat 'em, they offer people the illusion of freedom
But when you're done dreamin' and wake up tortured for treason
Then you can see them, hidin' behind the god they believe in

Deep in the trenches, in the heart of a war
That's the place a martyr is born (Motherfucker, it's on!)
During the night before the start of the dawn
That's the place a martyr is born (Motherfucker, it's on!)
When gunshots are raining in the heart of a storm
That's the place a martyr is born (Motherfucker, it's on!)
Guerilla war when the army is gone
That's the place a martyr is born (Motherfucker, it's on!)

The purpose of life is a life with a purpose
So I'd rather die for a cause than live a life that is worthless
I don't need the circus or the day of national observance
I need you to think for you and stop bein' a servant
Pawns only move a square in the game that they're used in
And realize it too late, like the shooting of Huey Newton
Or Patrice Lumumba and Salvador Allende
Slaughtered by the power-hungry branches of their own gente
Ghandi wasn't killed by Pakistani nationals
He was assassinated by a Hindu radical
And Che Guevara, rebel to a U.S. continent
Was sold to the C.I.A. by Bolivian communists
Wasn’t Yitzhak Rabin murdered by a Zionist?
And Anwar Sadat a victim of the same violence?
Malcolm X was seen as a threat to the F.B.I.
But to blast ‘em they used Muslims from the N.O.I.
Even the 35th President of the Republic
Was murdered by factions of his own government
So now that it’s proven, that a soldier of revolution
Or head of an empire, disguised in a constitution
Can not escape the retribution or manipulation
Of the self-appointed rulers of the planet's corporations
So I'ma need every generation to put your hands up
‘Cause you can only get ‘em off your back when you stand up

Deep in the trenches, in the heart of a war
That's the place a martyr is born (Motherfucker, it's on!)
During the night before the start of the dawn
That's the place a martyr is born (Motherfucker, it's on!)
When gunshots are raining in the heart of a storm
That's the place a martyr is born (Motherfucker, it's on!)
Guerilla war when the army is gone
That's the place a martyr is born (Motherfucker, it's on!)

I was a man blessed by God
To survive some of the worst circumstances
I had many things: a beautiful woman I loved, a home, money
And I gave it all up to bleed and to die free
Sometimes I look back on that life
And I wonder what it would've been like
And in moments of weakness I think about trading it
Then I snap the fuck out of it and I get back to my reality
And I realize that I'm in the heart of a war
And that's the place a martyr is born
Beware the beast man, for he is the Devil's pawn. Alone among God's primates, he kills for sport or lust or greed. Yea, he will murder his brother to possess his brother's land. Let him not breed in great numbers, for he will make a desert of his home and yours. Shun him; drive him back into his jungle lair, for he is the harbinger of death

Yeah! Immortal Technique! SP the Ghost! Poison Pen! Vinnie Paz!
We gonna stomp em out, run them out, run them out, call your number out, send your uncle ??? out
We gonna stomp em out, run them out, run them out, nigga ain’t nothing civilized about no uncle ??? nigga, you feel me? Don’t bring no uncle ??? out nigga, fuck outta here

All troops in formation? Let the siege commence!

Back like I was locked up, putting in work
Burning through books like Nazi's in a Catholic church
I'm cursed like Cain when he murdered his brother
Cut your face off and wear it while I'm fucking your mother
I'm Mars Ultor, the avenger, the god of war
And if you don't believe in me, I doubt you believe in God at all
I breathe smokeless fire, the Jinn type
That'll make you hate the way that Allah made you to live life
Like Hindu, niggas that be bleaching their skin white
Other people's teeth in my hands after a fist fight
I was born with a sixth sense and a swift right
Skinned werewolves and rape demons at midnight
Sell your kids into slavery after we murder you
Or sacrifice them in the same fire we burnin' you
Barbarian funeral, nigga, you wanna know?
Damn the river, bury me, and let the water flow

Chaos, mayhem, bang outs, slay them, uprise, rape them, raid them
Cage em, pandemonium, insurgent, death merchants, commit the best murder
Pillage, Kill them, erase history, make them a mystery

Cut the nose off, the ears off, the whole head
Immortal and Ghost coming, code red
You never seen a black barbarian
Warrior, warlord, pussy, cut your balls off
More bodies come, more bodies hauled off
What you want the sword and get shit sawed off
Your throat need an axe in it
And I'm breaking your back because your spine needed a crack in it
You bugging me, I'm coming to fumigate
The Wolverine, the Sabretooth, the way that I mutilate
I'm like the viking in Valhalla Rising
Except I got black skin and both of my eyes in
Don't test him, please don't stress him
He'll hang you from a tree with your own intestines
How you wanna die? Make your own suggestion
Now talk to the lord and make your own confession


You pussies living in a movie theatre
Put the motherfucking spell on you like brujeria
Chop his motherfucking head like a ruthless leader
Guns drawn in a church service, shoot the preacher
You need to be godly to know Allah
Ain't no rappers eating around me, like a broken jaw
It ain't ever been a day that I ain't broke the law
What you think I hold a motherfucking toaster for?
I ain't going there, there's police in that room
And Vinnie walk around with bags of dust like a vacuum
Bury you under the earth inside a black tomb
My body covered in Dashiki and stab wounds
I'm a guerilla, barbarians is my ancestors
That's a part of my neurological transmitters
We Islamic and brought the story of shem with us (Al hamdu Allah!)
While we brought the motherfucking blam blam with us


The walls have been breached! ANFALL!!!
We came in the name of peace and brotherhood, you wanted us bound in slavery, poisoned our water, changed our names...
Burn their homes, take their jewels, skin them alive!
Hold on, hold on, hold on...
No one will know these people ever existed, and all that will be left is what we build upon their ruins...
Yo, in a hundred years from now
Everyone who's living on this planet will be dead
So it's inconsequential really, all the shit that you talk
All the bullshit that you stand for
It's more important what, what you're ready to build
What you're ready to pass down to your children
What you're ready to create
You better fuckin' remember that
When you challenge a motherfucker like me
Remember, I'm the dominant species

I'm stuck inside the future and life is chaotic
The government is psychotically racist and robotic
The matrix of entrapment is socio-economic
Neurotic conspiracy theory becomes reality
Life is war, and every day's a battle to me
I'm on the brink of insanity
Between extreme intelligence and split personalities
But I elevate to the point of reversing gravity
Revolutionary conceptuality spittin' out of me
Even the dead people in my family tell me they proud of me
Stupidity's not allowed by me, ‘cause I don't got time to play
I'm the black hole lyricist that'll take your shine away
Darkness at any time of day
I'm the Technique and you're nobody so what you tryna say?
Stellar density becomes your physical alignment
1.8 billion tons per square inch confinement

I drop knowledge so heavy it leaves the world unbalanced
Exterminate the spiritual force of all that challenge
I'm the lyrical apocalypse that crumbles the granite
Replacing you as the dominant species on the planet

Yo, yo, lyrically I'm infinite, like possibilities
But you don't have the capability, like infertility
‘Cause opening your mouth to question my validity
Is like tryin' to contradict the theory of relativity
What I spit is the epitome of heavy artillery
My enemies are obsessed with me, like the bitch in Misery
But break out, like a father runnin' from responsibility
Every time I step and abuse the mic with versatility
I balance humility, with brutal instinct
I'll make your whole cypher look like those crackers from N'Sync
And I don't care about your link, or your luxury car
I shed light with more magnitude than all of the stars
La Brea Tar Pit thick, so don't ever talk shit
And remember somethin', nigga, while you rave and rant
A roach can live for nine days without its head, but you can't

I drop knowledge so heavy it leaves the world unbalanced
Exterminate the spiritual force of all that challenge
I'm the lyrical apocalypse that crumbles the granite
Replacing you as the dominant species on the planet

I'm explicit like video tapes of conjugal visits
Some niggas are too stupid to understand it, like astrophysics
Technique is exquisite, I'll make your thoughts a victory
Get pessimistic with the quickness
If you think that I will just become another statistic
With anything but success when I bless the mic as I spit this
Specifically prolific with Kaprosi’s sarcoma coma type sickness
My style is like a ten-year-old child with a slit wrist
Too much reality for the fuckin' hit list
I got a Black Panther mentality with a spic fist
So you can get dissed, even if you're locally gold
Vocally bold, or globally, multi-platinum sold
I'm emotionally cold, disciplined, and ready to kill
Like spirits in the same room with you, I'm givin' you chills
I drop knowledge while these motherfuckers clumsily spill

And I drop it so heavy, it leaves the world unbalanced
Exterminate the spiritual force of all that challenge
I'm the lyrical apocalypse that crumbles the granite
Replacing you as the dominant species on the planet
"Rest in Peace"
"Here’s another warrior's song; rep this life to the fullest"
"Rest in Peace"
"Mothafucka, say yo’ prayers!"
"For brothers who died from black-on-black violence"
"Rest in Peace"
"You ain’t payin’ respect when you ‘spose to"
"Rep this life to the fullest"
"Rest in Peace"
"This ain’t for y’all, this a toast to them"
"Rest in Peace"

Here's a toast to the dead
If you don't drink, smoke to the head
For the freedom fighters killed by the feds
For those who died hard in the streets, soakin' in red
And died slow asleep in a dream, chokin' in bed
Here's a toast to the dead, for my enemies that are gone
I'm not a coward, so celebratin' that would be wrong
I pray to God that your soul will come back again
So I can see you in the next life and finish it then
A toast to the dead, for criminals burnin' in Hell
I wonder how many presidents are burnin' as well
Emperors, popes, senators, generals
Amputees feel unlucky until they see the vegetables
A toast to the dead, for those who are forgotten
Written out of history by the corrupted and rotten
Black saints whitewashed during La Reconquista
Thousands of Indios Spaniards used to conquer the Incas
Fuck a moment of silence, I need a moment of violence
Like the 19th century Caribbean islands
Long live those who came before that paved the way for me
The warriors and scientists that came before slavery
And if that last lyric was predictable
Take your clairvoyance and apply it to life in the physical
Presumptuous, half-hearted homunculus
Self-destruction is the power without knowin' what the function is


Here's a toast to the dead, for all of my fam
I will never let an idea die with a man
My rhymes are like Nazca lines: designed to give a view of this
J Dilla's still alive as long as his music is
A toast to the dead, for rap legends and pioneers
Your legacy won't be forsaken as long as I am here
Knowledge of the past and wisdom of the present
I'll teach and leave in the hands of a worthy lieutenant
A toast to the dead, for children with cancer and AIDS
A cure exists and you probably could have been saved
Sad to see medicine divorce morality
Corporate homewreckers pimpin' up the salary
A toast to the dead, for those that'll die today
The victims and those exonerated by DNA
The only thing worse than givin' freedom to the guilty
Is killin' the innocent and leavin' your soul filthy
Immortal Technique, remember me when I'm gone
I encrypted my lyrics to stay alive in a song
So you'll always keep a piece of my spirit inside
When you struggle to complete what I started before I died
But some of you won't survive the changes the Earth makes
Swallowed by tsunamis, hurricanes, and earthquakes
And that's just the first stage if you cannot reverse ways
And realize that we are one regardless of our birthplace


My last toast to the dead is for the listener
Human being or extraterrestrial visitor
Remember us for more than our primitive ways
When you study us long after the end of our days
Their lies can't fade your beauty
You gotta know who you are
Stay strong and always remember
The truth in your heart
Don't forget there are those who
Benefit from your scars
And who deny what's natural

They corrupted the priceless African image of Isis
Replaced with a lifeless, anorexic white bitch
The fashion industry got 'em in a funny spot
Self-hatred leakin' our their mouth like a money shot
Movie-star Hollywood Babylon fantasy
Bunch of peacock bitches in a cocaine canopy
And if you're healthy they make you think you're a manatee
Look how they invented this Eurocentric insanity
Got your brains washed to the point you're bleachin' your skin
Blind to the truth, and can't see the beauty within
'Cause ain't nothin' wrong with exercise
And tightenin' your thighs; but there's somethin' wrong with contacts that lighten your eyes
We're goin' backwards from hip hop in the park
To the experiments by Dr. Kenneth Clark
So, after the cannabis, I'ma have to handle this
Release the pressure on her and open her like an amethyst

Their lies can't fade your beauty
You gotta know who you are
Stay strong and always remember
The truth in your heart
Don't forget there are those who
Benefit from your scars
And who deny what's natural

The business of beauty isn't a natural model
It's built to be the opposite of the cultures we topple
These magazines got you caught in a hustle, 'cause when you starve yourself your body doesn't burn fat, it burn muscles
And men who don't even like women control the business
That's why the women look like men and the men like bitches
I'll break it down as God as my witness
Remember Sambo caricatured characteristics?
Now who got the collagen under their lipstick?
Implanted Arabic hips, surgical sickness
A bipolar society that claims to be righteous
Sprayed paint an artifical melanin, tryin' to be like us
Livin' in a pathetic epidemic
Schizofrenics buyin' a syntetic body with credits
You mad that I said it, but you know that I'm right
Find the natural beauty and get you some natural love tonight

Their lies can't fade your beauty
You gotta know who you are
Stay strong and always remember
The truth in your heart
Don't forget there are those who
Benefit from your scars
And who deny what's natural
What do you see when you're in the dark and the demons come?
I see you. I see you standing over the grave of another dead President

I see angels above me
Demons below me
Fighting over heaven, heaven, heaven
It's real

America's nightmare; young, black, and just don't give a fuck
Run up in the courtroom and wet 'em up
Got nothin' to lose but my handcuffs
Every man must choose to lay down or stand up
It's war time, everything is fair, no fear
When they say the homie murdered the judge, I don't care
Fuck 'em, he deserved it, long as the homie get away
And don't get caught for the crime, I encourage it
We rootin' for the villain in black
Pourin' out Absolut, salute, niggas is shootin' back
In self-defense we bang the pistol like
Larry Davis or Brian Nichols
Every pig, every public official, the boomerang
Is coming back to get you, you reap what you sow, did you?
The system you created created a monster
And now you scared 'cause it's coming back to haunt you


Since we gonna take the blame, I'mma rep my name to get my aim right
Let's have an overthrow and after party in the same night
Same height as Huey, same muscle build as Malcolm
With the same circumstances in the hood, you know the outcome
And read it in the news about your sergeant and your captain
Don't take this as a warning, just another nigga rappin'
Fuck the way we organizing, fuck the training and the grapplin'
And fuck them Uncle Toms who call police because we smack them
And fuck you sympathizers with your middle class reactions
'Cause we bangin' on the system, G'd up, fuck the factions
And if you didn't know, the G was for George Jackson
And long live his warrior spirit packin' the Magnum
Watching over the soldiers, knowin' niggas be blackin'
When we really need to be disciplined in our ways and actions
When we get some freedom you niggas can start braggin'
Till then, inside the blood of my eye, you see the dragon


I'm like the birth of baby Mohammed, the movement I started
Can spar with the hardest, the martyr regarded as Spartacus-hearted
It doesn't matter whose missiles can shoot the farthest
When you're a target in an Afghan Teutoburg Forest
Close quarters combat over corrupted elections
Bilderberg is like cancer, it grows an infection
Nepotism is the gold and the conductor's connection
And ignorance is the prison that the people are kept in
The military ain't there for the people's protection
They're just there to protect an investment
That's why people get arrested, electrocuted, molested
Connected streets are infested with those tired of protestin'
Traumatized children grow to guerilla garrisons
9/11 generations pale in comparison
And you will learn a lesson repeated through history
That no matter what you think, occupation is not victory

Somalia, Kashmir
Nigeria, Palestine
Iraq, bring it back
Immortal Technique disintegrates mics when I spit
I cause more casualties than sunken slave ships
Full to capacity, I bring tragedy to rap without my man Khadafi
The government took Nazi scientists from Germany
To design nuclear rockets and ways of observin' me
'Cause their pathetic attempts didn't work to murder me
When this country was conceived
These bastards never heard of me
But now I hold the souls of slave masters eternally
Bleedin' internally, burgundy during surgery, verbally,
'Cause I'm a spirit to which devils are incompatible
I've been around since the planet was inhabitable
I spit in the ocean and created microscopic animals
Which evolved into two species
The righteous and the cannibals
But until then, I had alien women suck me off
When God said "Let there be light," I turned it the fuck off
And that's the reason Earth is only five billion years old
I made the sun shine, and permitted time to unfold
The surface was lava, but when I stepped down it became cold
Fuck what you've been told!
My spiritual form became a swarm of molecule sickness
Manifested liquid trapped inside a mountainous region
Until the sky started rainin', continuous seasons
Immortal Technique, at long last, reincarnated
Undebatably reinstated to leave you decapitated
Je suis fou, but my crazy words make sense
I'll split every pound in your body into six pence
I'm sick of simple similes about The Sixth Sense
I'll leave your body drenched in the blood
From all your ancestors
You'll never be at peace, like the souls of child molesters
I'll cut you and bless your festerin' wounds with alcohol
Drown you in a clogged toilet, in a public bathroom stall
I'll rip you down, take a chunk of you home, like the Berlin Wall
This is the final call for all rappers that wanna brawl
Immortal Technique, the wrong motherfucker to diss
'Cause I allowed God to let you motherfuckers exist

I'm the Stronghold on your neck that doesn't let you breathe
Stronger than the fake image of God in which you believe
More dangerous than your ignorant ass could ever perceive
A European virus mutated in Africa, overseas
Transported by mosquitoes and fleas to where you live
So lock yourself in your house with your wife and your kids
You're such a bitch, somebody probably made you out of a rib
My arrest record just scratches the surface of what I did
My bid locked me up and brought my life to an end
I was forgotten, abandoned by my bitches and friends
You don't want beef with people like me, so don't pretend
I'll resurrect your aborted baby and kill it again
You get no props in hip hop like feminine men
I'm iller than any plague God gave Moses to send
You wanna make amends
'Cause I'm the reason that the earth shakes
Buryin' your fam like Central American earthquakes
I never make songs to disrespect women
Or to judge people about the way that they're livin'
But the way I am is based on the life I was given
Like them white boys, losin' my religion
I used to be a Christian and a political pawn
The Bible is right and all your native culture is wrong
Next thing you know you tellin' me 'bout makin' a song
Come in the studio, and tell me that I'm makin' it wrong
Pissed off 'cause reality is makin' us strong
Like the ghost of Timothy McVeigh makin' a bomb
Ayo, Marvin Gaye, what the fuck is goin' on?
These rap niggas made propaganda out of your song
But it's the Gong Show, amateur night at the Apollo
My dick is like my music but harder to swallow
So, children, follow me, like the Pied Piper
And sing the chorus in the air, with your blunt and your lighter

You played yourself thinkin' you're down with me
I end your life, nigga, don't fuck around with me
And if you kids can't listen, then you're bound to see
The way you get shot for crossin' the boundary
You played yourself thinkin' you're down with me
I end your life, nigga, don't fuck around with me
And if you kids can't listen, then you're bound to see
The way you get shot for crossin' the boundary

The second verse is worse than the first in disrespect
Scripted specifically to keep people in check
Harlem to Boston, real niggas spit with me
But Landspeed, you ain't fuckin' shit to me
And underground labels know that I don't trust you
You're only independent 'til you're major, so fuck you!
And if you're pissed off 'cause you think that I dissed you
I'll rape your moms so we can make this a personal issue
Dance with the Devil, remember that you're not on my level
Stupid, you're not ready
I won Disypher, Bragging Rights from Rocksteady
And practically every battle that they got in New York
And I still murder rappers on the street for sport
Doctor Guillotine cuttin' you short, little man
But you don't give me props, 'cause I never won at Scribble Jam
Well, fuck you! I hope someone you love dies
So, fuck your crew! And fuck your family, too!
Technique said it, bitch, what the fuck you gonna do?

You played yourself thinkin' you're down with me
I end your life, nigga, don't fuck around with me
And if you kids can't listen, then you're bound to see
The way you get shot for crossin' the boundary
You played yourself thinkin' you're down with me
I end your life, nigga, don't fuck around with me
And if you kids can't listen, then you're bound to see
The way you get shot for crossin' the boundary

Yeah, wrap it up on these niggas!
Wrap it up, yeah!

Immortal Technique incinerates degenerate fags
Burn Trent Lott wrapped in his Confederate flag
I got the Beretta with my face wrapped in a rag
So put the African slave jewelry in the bag
Motherfuckers tell me that a diamond is forever
But is it worth the blood of Malcolm and Medgar Evers?
House niggas, get your head severed, tryin' to be thug
You don't concern me, I'm tryin' to hurt the people you love
Word of mouth is I'm in the club, bein' sneaky
I'm like the body snatchers, and your girl is gettin' sleepy
I murder you indiscreetly, right at the source
Like the Roman Legionnaire that stabbed Christ on the cross
This is about you, though; it ain't about Jesus
And you shouldn't fuckin' talk about telekenesis
Nigga, please, movin' shit with your mind
Try movin' your moms out the projects with your rhymes
And next time, I'm comin' after cualquiera
Profanity, fuckin' carajo maldita mierda!
Roll up the hierba, y pasala, para la izquierda
Put the price up to listen to me pop shit
'Cause I got Martha Stewart givin' me stock tips
Underground money with honeys up in the whip
Bangbus.com, nigga, fuckin' your bitch

Yeah, played yourself, nigga, fuck all of y'all!
You don't know shit about me
Why open your mouth and discuss who the fuck I am?
I thought I told y'all niggas on Volume One
I wasn't fuckin' around, you just slept
'Cause you sold a few thousand units in the golden era
When niggas would buy anything on the shelf
But those days are through, and you are through with them
The things I've seen in life will make you choke by surprise
Like an aborted fetus in a jar that opened it's eyes
Provokin' my demise, I'll leave your spirit broken inside
Like the feeling of 50 million people hopin' you'd die
And niggas wonder why my heart is full of hatred and anger
'Cause some bitch killed my firstborn son with a coat hanger
I strangled out the pain until my soul was empty and cold
Crippled and worthless, so I thought that it could never be sold
My mother told me that placin' my faith in God was the answer, but then I hated God cause he gave my mother cancer
Killin' her slow like the Feds did to the Black Panthers
The genesis of genocide is like a Pagan religion
Carefully hidden, woven into the holidays of a Christian
I had a vision of nuclear holocaust on top of me
And this is prophecy, the words that I speak from my lungs
The severed head of John the Baptist speakin' in tongues
Like Che Guevara, my soliloquies speak through a gun
Pain in slow motion like trees that reach for the sun
Nigga, the preachin' is done
'Cause I don't got a DJ, like Reverend Run
I curse the life of any man who kills benevolent ones
I never asked to be the messenger, but I was chosen
To speak the words of every African slave dumped in the ocean, stolen by America, tortured, buried, and frozen
Written out of the history books your children are holdin'
Internally bleedin', cold-blooded, stripped of emotion
I go through the motions, but there's no life in my eyes
It's like I'm hooked up to a respirator, waitin' to die
Hooked up to the fuckin' chair, waitin' to fry
Soothin' an electrocution currently used in my execution
Producin' thoughts at the speed of light, burnin' confusion
I'm losin' my sight, breathin' is tight, the evening is white
I made my peace with the Lord, and now I stand on his right

(Death is a another part of life!)
These are my last words, I'm havin' difficulty breathin'
Dyin' on the inside, internally bleedin'
Angel of Death draggin' me away while I'm sleepin'
Watchin' my world crumble
In front of me, searchin' for meanin'
These are my last words, I'm havin' difficulty breathin'
Dyin' on the inside, internally bleedin'
Angel of Death draggin' me away while I'm sleepin'
Watchin' my world crumble
In front of me, searchin' for meanin'
Freedom of speech, motherfucker!
Okay, somethin' for the kids (hahaha)

I got no strings to hold me down
To make me fret or make me frown
I had strings, but now I'm free
I got no strings on me

Step into the club smoothly with a L in my hand
Bitches know that I'm a freak like the Elephant Man
Intelligent plans, fuck a record deal!
I want development land, with my benevolent clan
And that's the reason that I only trust my fam
40,000 records sold, 400 grand
Fuck a middleman! I won't pay anyone else
I'll bootleg it and sell it to the streets myself
I'd rather be that than signed and stuck on a shelf
And because of this, executives try to diss me
Racism frozen in time, like Walt Disney
And now they say they wanna get me signed to the majors
If I switch up my politics and change my behavior
Try to tell me what to rhyme about over the beat
Bitch niggas that never spent a day in the street
But I repeat that nobody can hold my reins
I put the truth on tracks, nigga, simple and plain

I got no strings, so I have fun
I'm not tied up to anyone
They've got strings, but you can see
There are no strings on me

I guess to America I'm a disaster
A slave that was destined to own his masters
Independent in every single sense of the word
I say what I want, you fuckin' little sensitive herb!
This is America, I thought we had freedom of speech
But now you want try to control the way that I speak
And O'Reilly, you think that you a patriot?
You ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' racist bitch
Full of hatred, pressin' a button tryin' to eject me
But I ain't got no motherfuckin' deal with Pepsi
No corporate sponsor tellin' me what to do
Askin' me to tone it down during the interview
Tryin' to minimize the issue, but I'm keepin' it large
I love the place that I live, but I hate the people in charge
Speakin' is hard when you got strings attached
So, I'ma say it for you, ‘cause I ain't got none of that
And if you didn't understand what I spit at your brain
Ayo, son, let this little nigga explain!

I got no strings, so I have fun
I’m not tied up to anyone
They’ve got strings, but you can see
There are no strings on me

Come on, son, y'all niggas know the way I do
Immortal Technique dot com live for you
And I know sometimes it be makin' you nervous
The way I snatch puppet rappers that belong in a circus
You motherfuckers just can't compare
Lookin' for a fan base that's no longer there
I know that you're scared, and you're hidin' up in the cut
But this is freedom of speech, nigga, tell 'em what's up

Word, nigga! Fuck John Ashcroft!
Nigga, fuck Fox News! Fuck those snake-ass bitches!
Tryin' to manipulate your opinion, tellin' you what to think
Word the fuck up!
Like, "We invaded niggas ‘cause we wanted to free them."
You racist mothafucka!
You don't give a shit about those people
You can suck my dick! (hahahaha)
Another rum and coke at the bar, nigga!
It's my day off, word up!
Fuck, for the kids, (ha) for the kids (hahaha) Beat Bandits!
Imagine the Word of God without religious groupies
Imagine a savior born in a Mexican hooptie
Persecuted single mother in a modern manger
You'd crucify him again like a fuckin' stranger
Tears of the anger are worth more than diamonds or rubies
Imagine bein' locked up since juvie
Imagine changin' your life and still goin' out like Tookie
Imagine niggas talkin' shit when they never knew me
Imagine a movie that depicted the pain in your life
Like them kids in Afghanistan chasin' a kite
For most of the world, that's what it's like
Imagine if the woman you suppose to love for the rest of your life
Is set to marry someone else at the end of the night
They say you fight the greatest jihad in your heart and your mind
And fight the hardest when you start from behind
So I dream the impossible all the time
Fuck a Masonic design — America's future is mine
Repeat that to yourself, 'cause if culture's a crime
Them numbers tatted on your arm aren't too far behind
They can only conquer you after they've murdered your mind
So rise up, motherfucker, like the sign of the times
I feel my body weakenin', but my spirit is fine
Ready to go to war with devils at the drop of a dime
And fight with my rebel army until the stars are aligned


Nostradamus was a white man's prophet
Who predicated European supremacist logic
Because the pilgrims and Conquistador columns
Killed more innocent people than Hitler and Stalin
I guess the fortune-tellers skipped an antichrist or two
Brother, give this to the OG's doin' life with you
And pray for the problems with the Pope psychology
So the Vatican will offer an apology (for what?)
For destroyin' the people's liberation theology
Snatchin' the spirit of Jesus from people in poverty
Business decisions like keepin' people in prisons
But had the opposite effect: incarceratin' religion
That type of crooked politics imposed on a populous
Is obvious if you read the Northwood documents
Forget the compliments for what I recorded
And live for revolution instead of always dyin' for it
Remember a bullet can never stop me
My legions are led by the spirit Haile Selassie, watch me
Even if I'm shot in the chakra, I will prosper
Doppler effect, bumpin' music out a helicopter
Tellin' the Persians, "Dig up Zoroaster!"
And tell them I came back as the son of the Ahura Mazda
Fish out the Philistine Dagon from the shores of Gaza
And call Quetzalcoatl flyin' over La Raza
This is my message to the older gods
I'll sacrifice you all to the revolution, like the Romanovs
Lost in the desert like the Hebrews of Israel
The blood clot system tried to kill me like sickle-cell
But I survived, and I'm alive to fight another day
Cocooned in a coma, I can still hear my mother pray
Sister cryin' out to God, "Please let my brother stay!"
Walkin' towards the light, but somethin' is pullin' me the other way

Immortal Technique
Rise up, young brother!
It is not your time to die
Look I ain't never been afraid to tell how I really feel
Nunca, I think everybody should know that
Yo creo que todos ustedes deben saber eso
Fuckin' ought to know, yo
So I gotta tell these chicks a lot of times, mira
Tu estás actuando en una manera muy mala
Bien mala y no me importa ya, yeah, so I gotta let you know
Let 'em know. Here we go, dígale a la gente, B
Gotta let you know for real. Son drop that

Siempre me encuentro con la mujer equivocada
A superficial mami con la alma comprada
Yo I'm sick of stupid chicks que hablan de nada
Let's go to my house conversación acabada
Yeah we can fuck but you gotta go after mañana
You walking bowlegged porque te deje clavada
Don't ever talk shit about niggas and get enojada
There's a reason that you never been properly amada
Cause you fuck niggas and suck dick como si nada
Para la porquería and save the drama
Don't come to the fucking club con una actitud mala
You've been drinking too much Bacardi and smoking lala
Escúchame señorita, if you don't respect yourself
Don't expect respect from anyone else
Don't expect an hombre to support you with wealth
Go to college and be successful, do it for delf
Nunca vas a ser shit without knowledge of self
Mamis with cultural ineptitude are bad for your health
That's the type of mujer that I put back on the shelf
And go back to the packed crowd to look for somebody else
Adiós, check it

We keep it moving properly
No me importa lo que haces, ain't no way of stopping me
Moving through property, like I own every monopoly
Smoking broccoli, compartiendo ideologies
Pero solamente pasa on a special occasion
With beautiful intelligent mamis that stay blazing
(Stay blazing!)
Y ahora for you motherfucking niggas
Yo... si

Immortal Technique the resurrected Che Guevara
But y'all cats are just a bunch of fake Tony Montanas
I bring drama like Revolución Cubana
And rock stages like my last name was Santana
Como puedes comparar your entourage to my squad
You motherfuckers is faker than Resurrection Boulevard
Don't try to be hard cuz I don't stress fake good fellas
I'll burn your house down and empty the clip in tu abuela
Mucha gente try to convince everyone that they trife
Hablando mierda but you never shot a gun in your life
Siempre gritando how you keep it real in the cife
But most of you rappers can't even keep it real with your wife
I'll sacrifice a puto cabrón for running his mouth
Carjack and kidnap you in front of your house
And while you tied up riding shotgun while I'm driving down south
I'll push the pedal to setenta and kick you the fuck out (Fuera)
Solamente to look back and have something to laugh about
I doubt you really want Technique as an enemigo
Fuck with me I'll make your people turn up desaparecido
My 'stilo is Túpac Amaru Y Zapatista
I'm a rebel soldier murdering rap artistas
Colombian necktie emcees, hasta la vista (huh)
Taking over the fucking country like a socialista
Cobardes, yo

We keep it moving properly
No me importa lo que haces, ain't no way of stopping me
Moving through property, like I own every monopoly
I'll blow your fucking brains out and spread your philosophy (God damn)
This is for all the celoso motherfuckers that's watching me
I don't make threats bitch lo que hablo is prophecy
De verdad, para que toda la gente sepa que no me importa
Cuanta mierda ustedes hablan o cuanta mierda
I'm gonna still be on my job. Forever, I'll still be here (Claro que si)
I'll still be doing my thing. Para siempre. Cojudo
Para siempre. I'll be in everybody's parade
Immortal Technique, se ha acabado la mierda..
We're here because of you.
We're here because you were there.
We've arrived from every corner of the planet to this nation to seek the fulfillment of a promise of America. We were promised a better life in our home countries, where we were told that privatizing water and electricity will make things run more efficiently. Instead the quality remained almost the same and the price was increased until it became an unaffordable luxury. Some corporations are more efficient than government, but their motivation is not the health or the well-being of the people; it's only about profit. Everything else—their image, their human resources, their public relations—only exist to protect the reality behind it. Once upon a time we were told that nationalization would prevent growth by limiting competition, that our countries were nothing without the companies that invested in us, and so they privatized everything. Everything in our country was owned by people that had no connection to our culture, by those who never had our interests at heart. They didn't care about our survival or well-being—they just wanted to turn a profit by raping our land, by exploiting our people, our industry and our resources. They took everything we built and made it theirs, first by creating racism to justify slavery, building the capital for capitalism, and then when they gave us what they call liberty, everything we had was still owned by them. Our governments told us that socialism was the real enemy, and that we would have freedom, but the foreign powers and corporations were the ones with real freedom, the freedom to take all the wealth generated by our work and our land and gave us only a small percentage of the scraps from the table. Their lust for power and their greed drove them to betray not only us but themselves and the word of their own God.
(Open your eyes before you die)
And while some used missionaries and donations to off-set this abuse, other countries and companies were blatant with their crimes, using war, disease, and sanctions that killed millions. They supported corrupt governments that were almost like the old slave masters in their oppression of the people, because their loyalty was to those who enabled them, restored them and kept them in power. They became the bastard children of American industry, kleptocracy, governments of thievery. They protected the corporations and went to war against their own people to preserve those profits. The puppet rulers were given billions of US tax dollars to fund civil wars, right wing death squads, execute political dissidents, sympathetic clergy, and even overthrow democratically elected governments. And so the age of revolution began again. They painted it as godless terrorist versus the free world and the free market. But the free market has never been free, because the market does not regulate itself. It is manipulated like a puppet, and it survives because of its image. Destroy the image, and the enemy will die. Such is the same in the rap industry. But the major label super powers treat the underground like the Third World. When they need new assets, new artists to prostitute a side-ins, and put on a shelf to use their songs; when they needed new concepts, music and publishing to steal from the producers, they came to the underground, to the Third World. They took our culture, our property and our industry and our resources, even using our own people to help them exploit us. But behind the mask of efficiency, they claimed that we need them to succeed. They're no better than us. Their economic advertising was always a lie. A few got rich, but most were given an illusion of wealth, almost as if it was designed for failure. Opportunity comes at the price of the soul in the music, so remember what they are underneath the fancy architecture, glittering rented jewelry, the cars, the IMF loans, the seeds with suicide jeans, 20-year contracts, and oil blood money. Build your defenses, my independent brothers and sisters. They’ll stop at nothing to get what they want. They paint the Third World underground as savage and backward. But the super powers are no less corrupt; they've just learned to disguise it better, ‘cause they fix elections too, they embezzle tax money, they go to war for resources, they fund terrorism for their own benefit. And when there's enough at stake, history's taught us that they'll even assassinate their own president.
(WAKE UP!)

Just as the Columbia represents man's highest aspirations in the field of science, so too does the struggle of the Afghan people represent man's highest aspiration for freedom, and I am dedicating on behalf of the American people the March 22nd launch of the Columbia Space Shuttle to the people of Afghanistan.
Big Zoo, uh
Technique, uh
Positive balances, uh, uh

Pound for pound, I'm the most positive when I bust mine
The Zoo adds on like a plus sign
Addition, that's the key in the ignition
With no pause, I propel to pole position (Vroom!)
Ahead of the pack, light years ahead of the wack
I give a fiend a good book instead of the crack
That's the gold mine, negativity can't hold mine
The black bear's headed for the gold mine (Look out! Look out)
And then I'm positive at Showtime
I make negative MC's switch styles in no time
They change teams, rhyme about kings and queens
Instead of how they sellin' work to fiends
Then I switch thugs into soldiers
Those that have given up on God to praise J Hova (Damn!)
The rap Ice Age is over
And positivity protects the Z boulder boulder

Yeah, you know how it goes
Positivity, yeah

My opinion is solid ground but you're a common hater
Splittin' and dividin' on numbers like a denominator
Third-eye navigator movements are necessary
Everything you see in videos is secondary
You need positivity like you need respect in jail
Because without balance you'll be makin' negative record sales
Neg-neg-negative record sales
Ziga-zam, Technique, like this

I jerk off inside books and give life to words
Leavin' concepts stuck together you probably never heard
I love when people think I'm psychologically disturbed
'Cause it means I overloaded their neurological nerves
Rappers try to serve me with disgusting incompetence
But I keep it positive with ultimate dominance
Meditatin' with Native Americans close to Providence
I speak to the spirits of ancestors at pow-wows
But rumor has it that you gettin' raped like Lil' Bow Wow
Now listen, industry motherfuckers, don't get offended
Remember that I'll bring an end to your pretender agenda
And render contenders dismembered
Bend the fabric of time and put your soul in a blender
You livin' a lie like thinkin' Jesus was born in December
Instead of caterin' to labels, somethin' gotta give
I'll rip the electrons out your body and make you positive
I seen a lot of kids come and go with marketing gimmicks
Because without balance, you don't last more than a minute
This ain't a game, I'll beat the shit out you at the line of scrimmage
I rock shows in the ghetto, nigga, you stuck in the village
I wanted to spit on the radio since I was eleven
But I can't afford the pay-ola for Hot 97
So I make paper underground, and I'm soon to blow
Movin' tapes like Biggie's ghost at Bad Boy studios
*Biggie – "Hypnotize" sample*

My opinion is solid ground but you're a common hater
Splittin' and dividin' on numbers like a denominator
Third-eye navigator movements are necessary
Everything you see in videos is secondary
You need positivity like you need respect in jail
Because without balance you'll be makin' negative record sales
Neg-neg-negative record sales
Ziga-zam, Technique, like this
"Brothers and sisters, friends, and I see some enemies.
{Laughter and then applause}
In fact I think we'd be fooling ourselves
If we had a audience this large and didn't realize
That there were some enemies present."

I'm a weapon that fires lyrical projectiles
With no mercy, I'm cold-blooded like reptiles
Touch a pregnant bitch and make her give birth to a dead child
Every time I flex styles
Niggas vacate the premises and become exiles
I manufacture rhymes like textiles of x-files
Enlighten juveniles livin' life with no purpose
Organize an army that will make the devils nervous
Competition is worthless like the electoral vote
If you provoke, I'll break your motherfuckin' neck in a yoke
Your better off throwin' your shitty life away sniffin' coke
Technique will choke you into a spiritual state
And it will take a lake of hydrochloric acid to soften this
I'll fake your parents suicide and kill you in the orphanage
But I inspire ideological metamorphosis
Stop talkin' shit, or I'll make your existence a memory
So you can have me frozen cryogenically for centuries
But I'll break the ice if anyone on the planet mentions me
I'll burn a hypocritical flag intentionally
Explosive revolutionary chemistry's my destiny

No mercy is what I chemically bomb on enemies
Your life's a fuckin' mistake, technique is the remedy
Destroy you before you become what you intended to be
And in the future you'll worship those that descended from me
No mercy is what I chemically bomb on enemies
Your life's a fuckin' mistake, technique is the remedy
Destroy you before you become what you intended to be
And in the future you'll worship those that descended from me

When I fight you, I won't snipe you
I'll use a HIV-infected needle to strike you
As well as anyone that vaguely resembles or looks like you
And just to spite you I'll force your children
At gun point to bite you, and rip a piece off
To start the beef off of the rest of your petty limited life
I'm comin' at'cha to catch ya by surprise in the cyph
Nobody's stupid enough to back ya when I tactically attack ya
Because my style is nasty like protruding bone fractures
And you're a played-out dirty pussy devil like Margaret Thatcher; but Technique never get captured inside the rapture
'Cause I mastered the art of causin' natural disasters
You should learn the difference
In between the students and the master
My stature is the dispatcher of damagin' decibels
Even though my starvin' people are considered expendable
I consecutively escape the racist, corporate tentacles
I spit raw kinetic energy that's immeasurable
Retaliation for perpetration is unendable
Mercy is not extendible
I'll break your fuckin' brain down into psychological chemicals

No mercy is what I chemically bomb on enemies
Your life's a fuckin' mistake, technique is the remedy
Destroy you before you become what you intended to be
And in the future you'll worship those that descended from me
No mercy is what I chemically bomb on enemies
Your life's a fuckin' mistake, technique is the remedy
Destroy you before you become what you intended to be
And in the future you'll worship those that descended from me
And it's not smart to be dumb
It's not smart to be dumb
Bumb de dumb dumb dumb
Back where I come from
It's not considered smart to be dumb

— Okay, little empanada, time for bed.
— Uncle Felipe…
— What? What is it now?
— I heard that you and my dad used to be in a gang. Is that true?
— Who told you that, man? Your mother?
It wasn't a gang, we were just a group of friends.
— Did you do bad things?
— No no no, look, we just used to draw on stuff, play karate, borrow things, throw stuff, you know, run around at night, like Goonies.
— What's a Goonie?
— You never heard of Goonies before?!

I could've chose another life with the feds tryna get me
Little kids puttin' work in like at Gap and Disney
In the whip, high as shit like Bobby and Whitney
Grab your hand and push the motherfuckin' pedal to sixty
Harlem cops frisk me to get me to make their quotas
But I told ya "Siempre hay que separar las drogas"
Bar brawl in the club, poppin' and rockin' jaws
Shot it out, leavin' bullet holes the size of Matzah balls
I love thick chicks, never fucked with a slim broad
Played soccer and hammered nails into their shin guards
Gambled at cee lo with Dominicans locked in the tombs
We was there for robbin' niggas for them Spanish doubloons
Remember Goonie-era graffiti of all sorts?
Now they wanna foreclose on the hood to build a golf course
I'll put your hand in a blender to make an entrée
Then cut your dick off and glue it back on the wrong way

All my revolutionary soldiers better ride
My word is mathematics, bitch, numbers never lie
So even if they tell you I'm dead, I'm still alive
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die
Witness protection program, rappers better hide
I serve revenge out the freezer, niggas never slide
So if they tell you I'm gone and you safe, niggas lied
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die

I'm a certified Goonie, the type to burglarize your crib
And leave it smellin' like sour and Afghan gooey
Life is a movie, but yours was filmed on a greener screen
I give you pure uncut raw, no deleted scenes
War with a broadsword, dumpin' a TEC-9
Slit your throat, give you a Colombian necktie
The best buy to get, we let die
Let fly the next guy to try some shit
Listen, a few words just to describe my clique
We like a gang of Spartans, walkin' on the Gaza Strip
Never say die it's time to fight and we never run
My Goonies rob niggas for jewelry
We call 'em treasure hunts
Let him front like he a tough guy with me
I'll hit him, slug turn him to One-Eyed Willy
Watery grave, hide your chips
I'll hijack your boat load and cruise away on my pirate ship

All my revolutionary soldiers better ride
My word is mathematics, bitch, numbers never lie
So even if they tell you I'm dead, I'm still alive
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die
Witness protection program, rappers better hide
I serve revenge out the freezer, niggas never slide
So if they tell you I'm gone and you safe, niggas lied
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die

Before Duncan Pinderhughes was runnin' with Doug E. Doug
My team got away with murder, we ain't fit the bloody glove
Those jungle breeds and we come to feed our hungry cubs
With hoes pullin' out our pipes
Like Goonies under country clubs
Let these funny thugs know whoever steps in Bolic's spot
Is gettin' crushed with solid rock like Chester Copperpot
I suggest the drama stops, I'll flood blocks with mustard gas
You're up shits creek in a rubber raft cut in half
Cross my fuckin' path, I dare you, I'll mangle who lit the fuse
Quick to lose my marbles like Mikey replacin' his with jewels
Watchin' y'all enslave the game, I'm forced to say the truth
Break the chains quick as Sloth reachin' for a Baby Ruth
We got 80 proof and whores in Daisy Dukes extra low
While fat bitches do the truffle shuffle just to get in shows
Fuck what your record sold! Respect the code and recognize
The rebel tribe that my people kept alive will never die

All my revolutionary soldiers better ride
My word is mathematics, bitch, numbers never lie
So even if they tell you I'm dead, I'm still alive
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die
Witness protection program, rappers better hide
I serve revenge out the freezer, niggas never slide
So if they tell you I'm gone and you safe, niggas lied
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die
So you're the motherfucker they call Immortal Technique
What the fuck make you so special, nigga?
Huh? What the fuck do you do?

I calculate planet alignment like Mayan astronomy
Discoverin' atrocities
Worse than Aristotle subjectin' children to sodomy
Your theory of the galaxy is primitive like Ptolemy
The truth about the universe dug up like Aztec pottery
Unpredictable results like experimental psychology
I stomp the streets with emcee's beneath my feet in colonies
But presentation and spirit revolve around autonomy
Searchin' for monogamy
And cuttin' fake bitches out of my mind like a lobotomy
So obviously I'm not gonna be here to play games
Walk the top of the world and leave the arctic circle in flames
Battle the beast and false prophet predicted in the King James
I give a fuck about your emcee name, I don't admire you
Only by dental records will you be identifiable
'Cause the future is not reliable
Remember when rap was not economically viable?
Comparable to what motherfuckers think of me
I might be nobody, but wait 'til I'm together like a symphony
Resoundin' sound that will continue infinitely
Angel of Death punishin' all those who live in infamy
And shine so far away from you
You'll never get a glimpse of me
Attempts to extinguish me don't even bother me none
Like retarded kids throwin' ice cubes at the sun
A victory against Immortal Technique will never be done
Just degrees of losin' it every second you're addin' one
Some niggas dream of pushin' kilos, but I drop tons
With more facts and formulas and philosophical logic
Then a basement full of scientists puffin' on chronic
Dipped in mic in potassium cyanide and liquid bubonic
And use it as a sonic wand to find the spawn of the demonic
Screamin' like Onyx is of absolutely no consequence
The poison is dense enough to clog up your arteries
Mercy is not a part of me
I cause you bodily injury permanently
Because simply verbally murdering me
Is inconceivable 'cause of the unbelievable evil injected inside
The blood stream of my people
And redemption is not located under a church steeple
The feeble and the meek in soul just like the technique
Will inherit the Earth, but the Earth will be weak
Mother Earth in her decrepit terminal illness physique
The year 3000 is bleak, no happily ever after
Just death following the Fourth Reich disaster
A legacy of bastards, with plastic explosives
Your future's been eroded, 'cause you forgot that when your free it's multiplied indefinitely
By the struggle that be, the struggle I see
To socialistically unite the Third World countries
Expose hypocrisy in America's democracy
Sloppily obsessed with stoppin' me 'cause I speak prophecy
Trample and dismantle your capitalist philosophy
The same way I stomp the conquerin' rap monopoly
And I'm not a fuckin' prophet… but that's the fuckin' prophecy
New to the world
Fresh out the barrio
I was an outlaw rebel
Out of my mind, young and wild
My existence defined in one word: Survive

If it could be sold, I can sell it; if it can’t, that’s cool
I’ll fix it up make it look good enough to catch some fools
It started when I was young with my Genesis games
He traded me John Madden for--I don’t remember the name
But it was weak though
The streets though, they play with perico
So Tito became my hijo, he had cheap blow
And each O like three, four times, I flipped ones
But it’s evil, the people I deal with'll stick nuns
With big guns, the diesel, that diesel never change
The custies still nod like they agree with everything
The weed ain’t the same, all the colors is new
It ain’t just green, the haze is purple, and them berries is blue
I don’t care if it was pink, as long as they still smokin'
I'll have them bags packed until they damn near open
The hustle’s in my veins, I could bleed in a pot
And make a soup that’d go for 10 dollars a pot

En la calle
On a collision course with incarceration
Consumed by the lies of the streets
They were an illusion
But I awoke, caged like an animal

They got me locked in a cell
Where I’m feelin' like an experiment
My spirit sharper than lasers they used to build pyramids
Writin' on the walls keep me sane
Knuckle push-ups on the concrete 'til I bleed out the pain
Thoughts of my freedom lingerin' in my brain
I’m stronger and much quicker, I appreciate the gain
Buildin' with my a-alike, brown power reunite
Tattoos of my flag, PR pride, Jesus Christ
But I wouldn’t wish this on my worst enemy
So when I’m free I’ll teach and spread the speech
Of how they try to divide us (to make us weak)
Find us (and break a piece)
So I got it (to make a peace), honest (I play for keeps)
This is the life of your forefathers that fought hard
Four corners of backyards, power in numbers
So they subtract us and add bars
If they want it, we gonna take ‘em to war
We not a gang or a clique, we Young Lords

I came to my senses, un esclavo no soy
That is now my past
I came to know me and my people
Red, brown and black helped me paint the future

The world got a template, to turn us into inmates
Caged in a state pen, man, fuck goin' to Penn State!
Bonded to slave ships to punch in your timecard
Walk my oasis spacin' jungle behind bars
Got my epiphany like Malcolm X
Prison to the bricks, but I’m stuck in this global house arrest
I’m a free man, so I changed my mannerisms
This Greenspan system wanna dent my activism
Estilo machetero get my people out the ghetto
21st century Grito De Lares estate quieto (stay calm)
We vocal minorities, no pookie man trail
Guess the local authorities to be the Ho Chi Minh trail
From robbin' bodegas and boastin' like low-lives
The medium figures totin' the 4-5
Revolutionary gangsters in your presence
Tryin' to dead us with cancer through chemical testin'

¡Unidos por fin!
We seize the time, free at last
Learn to love, live to fight
Not just for me, but for others
Teach the new blood
And live for freedom!

I survived the COINTELPRO assassinations
AIDS-epidemic crack era fractured the nation
The interpretation of American democracy
Is best exemplified in its foreign policy dichotomy
I live a double-life of political philosophy
But revolution follows me, the struggle for equality
Against the morally bankrupt, claimin' to be born again
It's a civil war again, like MS-13's origin
Banned ethnic studies claimin' our culture will swallow them
But you can’t conquer people
And build a country on top of them
And then feel offended that they breathe the same oxygen
Your family values lack the wisdom of Solomon
But Operation Condor and Operation Bootstrap
Are Poli Sci 101, research for the New Jack
It’s hard to reach Communist Utopia tomorrow
When your hands are in a fuckin' glass jar, like Che Guevara
Forget the distorted historical facts you were given
Slave trade was the capital for capitalism
Trapped in a prison mentally, dyin' existentially
Separated from people you can’t see yourself to be
Then racially integrated into a burnin' house
Colony of an empire economically burnin' out
Can’t win a debate, so they sponsor every threat to me
I wonder if Agent 800 is standin' next to me

In Puerto Rico, the main problem we have es que somos colonia. We are a colony, we are fighting for freedom
Because we will not be a slave nation por favor
The struggle here is to make universities
The struggle here is in the community
It's against the police and violence
It's against discrimination
It's against the crime against humanity on this beautiful Caribbean Island. This is Panama
Young lords, revolutionary always, from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Que viva Puerto Rico libre!
I am the eye in the sky
Looking at you
I can read your mind
I am the maker of rules
Dealing with fools
I can cheat you blind

Yeah, my truth is the ark of the covenant buried in Ethiopia
Watch who you fucking with in Minneapolis
Somalian, when I go home
The world I use to know is gone, and now I'll live on my own
For what shall it prosper the rapper with creative control
To sign a deal with the devil and lose his soul
My still born first expression is cold
Like the faces of slave masters on the paper I fold
Subliminal racial supremacy choking me quick
Like the bedtime stories of Joseph Smith
Lynch mob gunning for me, trying to murder my seed
So shorty put 'em in the Nile in a basket of reeds
And now I stare in to the future with a spiritual flashlight
Wondering who the fuck was me in a past life
Bad diet, fuck raw, die young, fast life. Same as a crash flight that took off when the music died on your last night
Tell 'em the truth and they call you a traitor
Talk to 'em honestly and they call you a hater
Losing my composure cause the message is urgent
Talking reckless, drunk on the mic, like Larry Merchant
Cursing at the serpent Sumerian demons
Who brush their wings against the air that I'm breathin'
A heathen with nothing left to believe in. Even a reason from living that was forgiven by God and not religion
Envision Jesus risen from the dead like Horus
In the baptist church shaking off the rigor mortis
The borders should be illegal instead of the people
That were here before the Bible and all of its sequels
I speak to the detached and unrealistic
That were born normal but turned socially autistic
We resisted homeland securities mission
Because I know what they really envisioned
*Men talking*
Yo load the fuck up (locked and loading)
You too (locked and loading sir)
Remember break that window when that cop comes in
And blow that motherfuckers head off
--multiple gun shots-- (Got him)
Yeah load it up again cause these motherfuckers
Are gonna come back for us. (We're ready)
We gotta be prepared in this day and age, we gotta
Be prepared for whatever comes the fuck at us. (Word up)
Cause we are living revolutionarily. (Definitely)
You cannot second guess yourself in these days and times
They're gonna throw whatever they can at you and you gotta
Be prepared for it, you gotta be prepared for anything

"It's liberty or it's death
It's freedom for everybody or it's freedom for nobody!"
(Hook)
No matter what the fuck life throws at me
I continue to make it through indefinitely
Immortal Technique defeats the odds repetitively
Until there ain't shit ahead of me competitively
Surviving the tough times is imperative to me
Looking at the whole world revolutionarily

They don’t want to hear you old Uncle Tom
Handkerchief heads talking about the odds
Technique will force you into strategical retreat
Because I dominate guerrilla warfare in the streets
There ain't no way to picture me without a victory speech
When I reach higher positions
Without the recognition of pissed on competition
Cause I conquered their renditions
In a systematic form like a religious tradition
My mission is to take you, lyrically break you
Lyrically assassinate you
Lyrically incinerate your body and recreate you
To destroy the power that mentally incarcerates you
Cause even though I rip it better I could not forsake you
You're my people with the same oppressors so how could I hate you
The revolution of the mind that bring me generates you
But when you come original people impersonate you, start to hate you
Cause the conflict is building within the ultimate sin
Is to be ashamed of your skin
My rhymes are like Jamaican over proof I make the room spin
Intoxicated flow I bleed vodka and brandy
Don't make me choke you down like Jon Benét Ramsey
Something demands of me to rip this fucking shit uncannily
God commanded me to be a technological disease
And psychologically do battle with the best emcee's
Upper-case the 'T' in Technique
Cause I'm the capital of revolutionary nation that's infallible
Aztec; Lecter, Hannibal
Rip your heart out of your chest and feed it to the cannibals
Your just a fucking animal but I'm the Neosapien
Cause my original civilization was based upon creation
You know theirs no escaping even though your heart is racing
I'll put your best disciple on academic probation
Fuck the litigation, fuck the best rapper nominations
And fuck the president I voted for assassination
I'm saying fuck the federal bullshit investigations
Fuck the cover up of ghetto radiation extermination
Using my people for experimentation
And if doesn't play hip hop then fuck your radio station
(Hook)

Revolutions overturn systems, revolutions destroy systems! (crowd cheers)
Yo what the fuck happen to reality spitting rhyme slayers
These days everybody trying to be a thug or a player
Where did all the real motherfuckers go in the game
Bring back the break dancers and graffiti writers with fame
I remember hip hop before the mic gun clapping
Cause I used to drink forties with more flavor then these rappers
Lyrical ego trips doesn't make fortification
Your not dope enough, spit self glorification
So don't jerk me around cause my name ain't masturbation
Life is hard it'll leave you scarred cause I been through shit
If you consider rap a job I suggest that you quit
Don't you understand the audience will listen and dance
In the club, crib or car or whatever they get the chance
To be emancipated start debating justice in the cipher
Why do you think project rooms look like the cells in Rikers
I'm explaining the significance on the reason behind it
They're preparing your children for the prison environment
When you don't amount to shit prison becomes retirement
But I refuse to be took in to central booking in chains
Cause sleeping on the floor in cages starts to fuck with your brain
The system ain't reformatory, it's only purgatory
Close to hell but I rebel as begin to spark an L
And tell my people how we fell into the trap that we live in
Because they locked us up in ghetto's and began to rape our women
So I leave the system Unforgiven like Eastwood
Cause I was bless with lyrical strength to do whatever I could
You should of seen it coming long ago when you were very young
My word is through the father, holy spirit and his fucking son
Cause when I grab the mic device in front of Christ and start to rip it
I'll make Jesus turn around and say "yo pop this nigga flipped it"
So talk about whatever and be what you wanna be
But don't mistake the way I break the faith for simple blasphemy
Cause through the highest frequencies in the NYC
I'm crushing 97.1 percent of MC's
(Hook)
Lamentablemente, las condiciones que estamos viviendo en
Han llegado a ser una miseria insoportable para la gente
Pero hay unas vendepatrias engreídos que todavía creen
En una sociedad de antes donde los artistas
Fuimos bestias de trabajo para la industria
Ese sueño se ha acabado
Y ahora nos encontramos despiertos en la hora de revolución
Porque no podemos llamar esto un 'movimiento' si toda la propiedad
Intelectual pertenece a los que nos oprimen
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Motherfucker!
Ya te dije
Que se ha acabado la mierda

Nos compraron el alma barata
Hasta la sangre nos sacan, atacan
Y con un contrato te atrapan
Pero primero me matan hermano
Porque prefiero morir
Peleando que ser esclavo
Industria sucia
Toma lluvia de acido
Aprende la historia del hip hop clásico
Cuando controlan el negocio y la cultura
La música se vuelve en comercial basura
Y la reina latina, pintada como gallina
Es mas que bailarina o puta en la esquina
Es abogada, profesora, madre, soldada
Y carga nuestro futuro cuando está embarazada
Mira nuestra gente crucificada
Y la manera desgraciada
Que estos perros no hablan de nada
Más que fiestas y riqueza
Que la gente no tiene
Así que ahora vas a ver
La violencia que viene

Un movimiento de verdad ha empezado
Dejamos el imperio corrupto descuartizado
Golpe de estado, disparando al presidente
Es hora de revolución nuevamente
Un movimiento de la gente se ha juntado
Peleando, liberando los pueblos encarcelados
Golpe de estado y seramos independiente
Es hora de revolución nuevamente

Dale, llega llega el español sin bacteria
This ain't that "mueve la cadera" it's that "usa tu cabeza"
Tu mente, tu almendra, No pa que baile, pa que aprenda
Esta industria me da pena
Same shit, misma mierda
El mismo de siempre yo no me muerdo la lengua
Tu camina por el barrio y rincón de la prenda
Vive la prensa
Veneno el guerrillero ya llego
Con el inmortal, dicha, el gobierno se asusto
FBI, CIA, gotta pay to get played
Out here in the United States, no me interesa ser el Rey
La voz de los Latinos camino sin correr
So wassup
Que es lo que el compromiso al te Veneno
Fuego, al firmar te dicen como tirar tu flow
.................
En Golpe de Estado la industria la infiltramos..


Golpe de estado el mercado me tiene bravo
Hermano yo pinto el cuadro
Y el barrio ya esta cansado cabrón
Yo te lo juro que lo que yo sudo es puro
Ustedes son burros
Que venden el culo por el reggaetón
Abre los ojos, cojo el presidente del sello
Bobo le rompo el cuello al pendejo
Solo con mi cañón
Yo soy la epidemia, la saga, las nueve plagas
La misma palabra en la biblia
Que habla de Armagedón
Levanta publico mano te tienen imnotisado
Entrenado inyectandote mierda con la estación
Perriando quiere decirte que tu eres de la brutas
No te gusta que te llamen puta escucha la canción
El sandunguero es tan feo
Que es con doble sentido
Le dicen a tu hijo que lo haga sin condón
El es Tempera y el capitan Immortal
Vamos a gritas pa que viva la revolución
A new American revolution has begun. Not against the forces of a colonial kingdom, but a rebellion against an oppressor that has risen among us
It is not a foreign invasion we have to fear, rather the threat of a force within our nation that has usurped what was once a dream of having the greatest democracy ever known to man
We now live in a world where the population has grown exponentially
And the planet is running out of resources to sustain us all. We in the inner-city and those struggling in the suburban ghettos may not realize it yet, but make no mistake, the people who control the technology and run every enterprise that makes up our world have seen this coming for a long time. The ideas of renewable energy, global warming, the idea of collectively working were purposefully bought out, derailed, demonized, or corrupted in favor of an economic structure designed by a monetary caste system
In a desperate attempt to convince us that we need to maintain that extravagant existence, they’ve pretended we might share in their dream
That we can justify any inhumanity in its name. Out of this blind ignorance was born the curse of slavery. Many of the founders of this nation were themselves Masons. That is not a Left wing or Right wing conspiracy theory. It is a widely known and accepted fact
So then explain to me how a nation founded by men who not only understood the long and complicated history of Europe, but also that of Africa could permeate such a lie in convincing the American public that one race of men was superior and one inferior. When, in fact, we know that all the early men the people who created civilization and every aspect of what we see today, the foundation of all modern human life, were from Africa
The greatest cowardice of course came not with slavery itself, unfortunately. But with the excuses for slavery. For if America had been as brave as the Roman Empire and all other empires that have come after her, and claimed “No, we were just stronger and that’s why we took you,” then when slavery was over, racism would’ve probably followed in suit
But instead it was the social lie, the religious lie that was told that stayed in the minds of people that separated one human being from another. In order to distract us from the issues of class and freedom, they created issues around religion and race to dominate the world for centuries to come
Some claim that they respect the culture of life in this country. They cry out for indignity of children that are slaughtered before they are born. But God has not penetrated their souls, for they have no empathy. Nothing in their cold hearts for the hundreds of thousands of lives we have taken in our wars overseas, for that which they call “collateral damage,” which are the burnt and damaged children of the world. They have no prayers for them. Only snide commentary on the internet and laughter in their hearts. And yet you claim to be one with God?
We talk about immigration in this country. Might doesn’t make right, ladies and gentleman; it just makes right now. What we are saying to the rest of the world is, one day, when America grows weak, one day when her legions falter, on the day when her economy crumbles... China, Russia, Europe, whatever power has arisen... all you have to do is come here and conquer us in a few military excursions, and then you too can set up shop here, and in 100 years you can tell every red-blooded American, “No, you are an illegal human being. I am the true citizen. I have all the rights. You have no rights."
Maybe you forgot how you got this country. Maybe you take for granted the blood, the sweat, the tears, that the people who live in practical serfdom shed everyday. For we may not run America, but we make America run
We talk about the Law, yet how many indignities have been legal in the past? How many treaties with Native American people have we broken? How many international laws have we violated? And, speaking of laws how can a corporation be regulated by a government that is funded and controlled by corporations? How can there be accountability for people who see a profit margin above the lives of Americans? Above the lives of human beings in other countries?
We have taken the soul out of ourselves and placed them inside machines
My words, of course, will be marginalized, demonized in typical fashion. Any time you dare to question the power structure they say you hate America. No, I love this country. I see its beauty every day in its people. And I love it a lot more than those who have abandoned the American worker that have chose to exploit and try to take away every single benefit she has, those that attempt to make excuses for every atrocity committed, in the name of supposed freedom. Those who demand accountability from everyone, but offer none themselves... who favor contracts over lives... Who favor invasion and control over organic democracy overseas
The greatest flaw that any intelligent person has is to think that they’re smarter than everyone else. And so as the government has planted its spies amongst us, we have planted our spies among them. They have infiltrated every branch of the American government. They have retrieved names, data, hard numbers. The paper trail that will expose those that truly control this country, those that control the political parties, those that control the oil industry, the energy. Those that stand behind the companies faceless, whose names have never been revealed
Until tod.. (GUNSHOT)
Hypocrites, hookers, sex offenders
Y'all niggas wanna be pimps and players?
This ain't 1997 nigga

I'd rather be rich and unhappy than broke and miserable
Cause the game don't give a FUCK if you lyrical
And that's pitiful, so my position is pivotal
You can hate me all you like but you worship the principle
I inspire revolution, the government's not invincible
Vietnam to Venezuela, trick knowledge, they pimpin you
All up in the hood like McDonald's and liquor
Selling AIDS medicine, when we know you got the cure nigga (woo!)
You leery of conspiracy theory but hear me
From a business perspective, it makes more sense clearly
Cause moreover, that's what we go to war over
And numbers don't lie unless we do Bush and Gore over
Free markets make money disingenuously
But I invest in agriculture, biochemistry
Smart nigga from the hood, pussy, what type of crime is that?
But exec's are like, "You from Harlem? Where your diamonds at?"
Stupid

Can't dodge the game
If you lookin' for the money or the fame (oh-ohh)
The players and the rules ain't changed (oh no)
But see we tryin' to leave a name
So we're turnin' out
Yeah, this is how pimps get pimped and players get played
Rich people get robbed and, broke niggas paid
New York, London, Chicago, Philly and L.A
Miami, D.C., B-more and out in the Bay
We're tearin it out of the frame
See we deserve to stake that claim
If we didn't it's a cryin shame
What we're concerned about is how to turn it out

Show me a pretty girl, with the world stuck to her
And I bet you there's a brother that's tired of fuckin her
Lots of niggas girls is someone else's one night stand
I probably made some bitches nervous listenin with they man (ha ha)
And if that offends somebody, I'm sorry, fuck you!
What you think, revolutionaries don't like to fuck too?
You just gotta beware of dangerous coochie
Cover ya head like a kufi, some rappers think that they live in a movie
Until they get herpes or clap from a groupie
And I don't need to shout you out, nigga you know who you be
Look, most people are only players cause they got played
And have not, let go of that, shit since the 7th grade
Yeah you got your heart broke, life sucks, doesn't it?
But you shouldn't fuck up someone else's life because of it
Someone did your mother like that, that's why you fatherless
Before jail or racist cops, that's what the problem is

See who's the one to place that blame
We getting trapped in cycle of pain
With a generation headed down the drain
That's how we're turning out
This is how pimps get pimped
And players get played
Beautiful women get cheated on
And gangsters strayed
Jersey, Detroit, Denver, Phoenix, Atlanta
Texas, Vegas, Seattle and fuckin Louisiana
Regardless of the money you're paid
You spend it on a watch and a chain
But can't offer your children a thing
What the hell is goin' on in your brain?

Yeah, I'm not a crack rapper, I'm not a backpacker (ha ha ha)
I'm not a wack rapper, moonlighting as a bad actor
I treat labels like the projects, cause I'm a hater (what!)
Go to the Sony building and piss in the elevator
Cater to hustlers, crooks and cheap smugglers
Bootleg my own album, to reach customers (yeah)
Every city, state and country, the hood love me
Even Aborigines, in Australia bump me
They say underground fans are all the color of talcum
But who the fuck you think buy 50 and Jay albums?
Who the fuck you think made Snoop and Dre platinum?
Call up any major record label and ask 'em
But there's some, devils in disguise in hip-hop
That belong at Republican fundraisers with Kid Rock (bitch!)
I hope one of my fans has one of your kids shot (bitch!)
And blames it on Acid, Prozac and Slipknot
You a pussy actin hard like a bitch cop
I'll drop you to the floor like a reverse wristlock
Eat your food and shit on you, like a highway pit stop
And make, revolutionaries out of kids that used to flip rocks
The government, pimped 9/11 to go to Iraq
And history, repeats itself right on track (how?)
First as a tragedy, and then the comedy begins (why?)
Cause it's funny, motherfuckers don't see it come around again

Where, can we be free? (FUCK we gon' be free man?)
We only wanna live our lives
Live our lives, with our eyes open
Open your eyes open your eyes
You stupid motherfuckers - you stupid motherfuckers
Open your eyes, before you die
Yea I turned 21 in prison locked up at night
Now I walk around free seems like another life
Another roll with some other dice
Another ho or a loving wife
People come and go some really you never know
Intellectual midgets that really never grow
Fake love that holds on like "can I hold you though?"
And old friends will look at you like "yo, yea, I told you so"
A toast to the broken hearted
Who never finished what they fuckin started
People who go out and try to be a rebel at night
Try to make up for the fact that they settled in life
It's like a fight between the devil & Christ over the limelight
Spiritual celebrity poker
But the whole deck is full of jokers
And every year that you get older
The stakes get higher
Gambling with a bunch of fakes and liars
Real talk cause the real New York
Is the pain and the suffering of lost love
Staring off into the distance in the midst of the club
Depression and emptiness that lead to suicide
And the struggle inside of yourself that keeps you alive
Survived and medicated stalked by sobriety
The life that you live now tortured by memories violently
I pray inside of me that one day you could be forgiven
For murdering the beautiful world we used to live in

Crimes of the heart

Love, doesn't need a complicated metaphor
And sometimes nothin' needs to be said at all
Sometimes a person you're with is not your one and only
And you just fuck with them because you afraid to be lonely
And when you come back its too late
So you overcompensate, like victims of rape, full of self-hate
Lost in the affection to strangers around you
Instead of the only person that ever gave a fuck about you
Thought you were happy so you didn't come check me
But then when he cheated or treated you incorrectly
You conveniently realized you could never forget me
And tried to crawl back in my life unexpectedly
These are my indictments of those who claim to be righteous
And leave a trail of broken hearts on their way to enlightment
But I can't give into hatred or pass judgment
Even towards every illusion I've been in love with
Cause the heart that betrays itself willingly
Is like a nation that trades freedom for stability
It's so seductive to be cold and corrupted
And isolated and try to be an independent republic
But liberty to be loved on the surface is worthless
The sacrifice of revolution with no purpose
Take it from a criminal searching for his redemption
Cursing at God desperately trying to get his attention


Looking for the shining light
Who's it gonna be
Who'll walk the line with me tonight
Round we go, won't cross
Climbing through the endless night
Who's it gonna be
Who'll walk the line with me this time
Climbing through the endless night
Get ya dough, watch it go back to the people that holdin' some
Basic ancient secrets they keeping, its us they stole it from
Peter Joseph told us so, only those that seem to know can counteract the status quo, balance act, which way to go
My RFID, CID, used by the beast to track you
Yeah, charge in the car can cause an alarm
That’s part of the arm that traps you
Now, bags you check in, you go inside, you prepared to fly
Watch for scannin', you cannot hide, comfortable
You go no matter what you done, what treats for sky)
Climbing a tree while I’m getting high
That big brother eagle start to die
No matter what degrees, they weave and devise a plan to decease, all that sees they provide
Waitin' for us to breathe out the evil inside
No need to kiss, the dream is alive
Free us from the evils of the demons outside

I blame it on the government, say it on the radio
I have a devil in my infrared scope
Every president we've ever had lied
Buck! Buck! Buck! Cause I don't give a motherfuck!

Yo, the world a﻿ mess, we all lust the flesh
I won't stop till the people see success
So many beat to death, so many people left
With the mark of the beast, can't cheat the test
You bear the mark, I bear the mark
With the blood in the waters they're for sharks
Now everybody want to be quoting Marx
Less of the bite, and more of a bark
In a world of fakes, here's what it takes
Gotta have big balls, not baby grapes
At a crazy pace, let's do it face-to-face
The whole race chase waste space age sensash
With a warm embrace, they go and stab your back
It's so wack that the hacks flapjack the tracks
And when the bombs attack we gon' bomb 'em back
Whit the cold facts rap tracks catch a jax
There's no latch attached, you can't own a soul
So don't go go scroll, Po Po Patrol
Let's go toe to toe like pro dojo
Throws sold yo' soul, so don't go so slow
No need to crow, no need to flip
What we need is a change in leadership
Won't even give a﻿ chance to plead the fifth
Before the radar go from bleep to blip, bitch!

I blame it on the goverment, say it one the radio
And if you don’t already know
I have a devil in my infrared scope
Buck buck buck! Cause I don’t give a motherfuck!
I blame it on the goverment
Every president we ever had lied!
And my hand’s on the 16-shot
Semi-automatic crooked cop killing Glock!

You think I don't notice the line when you cross it?
I'm like the mind of a genius trapped in a cerebral palsy
You underestimate the hood, you think niggas is stupid
We read the country's credits, niggas know who produced it
Why the fuck you think they're pushing military recruitments?
America been platinum, and she afraid of recoupment
So when you try to close the border, and don't let us in
I'll overthrow California with 20 million Mexicans
Cubans and Chinese who came looking for freedom
Till they realized America was run by demons
And I don't mean George Bush, he was a fuckin' zero
More like the Roman emperor Nero
Who did nothing while the black slum turned to Atlantis
I mean those behind the canvas that made the mechanics
And then planned it
It sounds simple, but stupid niggas won't understand it
Until the mark of the beast has your face branded, nigga
Let me welcome both of you to the show this morning to talk
About what I consider a very, very important topic of the Harlem Renaissance
But before we get into that

Harlem once was red line district rated
Designated ghetto like the yellow star of David
And you wonder why people don't own their homes
Cause the racist bank wouldn’t fucking mortgage a loan
Until after the invasion of gentrification
Eminent domain intimidation
That's not negotiation, and it's frustrating to look at
Every day, like watching a porno, on 56k
Biohazard labs instead of storerooms
Whats next motherfucker, projects as dorm rooms
You ain't fooling nobody in this community duke
With your little fake Manhattanville community group
Ivy League, real estate firms are corrupt
They lay siege to your castle like the Moors in Europe
They treat street vendors like criminal riffraff
While politicians get the corporate kickback

Harlem Renaissance, a revolution betrayed
Modern day slaves, thinkin' that the ghetto is saved
Till they start deporting people off the property
Ethnically cleansing the hood, economically
They wanna kill the real Harlem Renaissance
Tryna put the Virgin Mary through an early menopause
The savior is a metaphor for how we set it off
Guerrilla war against the rezoning predators

When I speak about Harlem I speak to the world
The little Afghan boy and the Bosnian girl
The African of Sudan, the people of Kurdistan
The third world American, indigenous man
Palestinians, Washington Heights Dominicans
Displaced New Orleans citizens
Beach front Brazilian favelas that you livin' in
The hood is prime real estate, they want back in again
I didn't write this to talk shit, I say it because
Some of ya'll forgot what the Harlem Renaissance was
We had revolution, music, and artisans
But the movement was still fucked up like Parkinson's
Cause while we were giving birth to the culture we love
Prejudice kept our own people outta the club
Only colored celebrities in the party
And left us a legacy of false superiority
W.E.B. Du Bois versus Marcus Garvey
And we ended up, selling out to everybody
The Dutch Schultz and John Gotti's
Banksters, modern day gangsters
Immobile army
They wanna move us all out the NYC
Like they did to the Jews
With the Alhambra Decree
So support your own businesses and do the knowledge
Cause the real Harlem Renaissance is economic


When they were saying it is the renaissance of Harlem
They didn't mean that we had stake in that
They meant to say that they could make money out of us
They are coming in with all kinds of prejudices
In Brooklyn they're doing the same thing
In Queens they're doing the same thing
The Bronx, there's hardly any place which is affordable
I mean those people are putting up condominiums which start from a million dollars
How many people in this community make that kind of money
How many people HAVE that kind of money
People of Harlem, they are the natural allies of the oppressed people of the world
Whether the struggle is in Panama, in Africa, Cuba
We spend money with the wrong people
We are looking for love with people
Who don't love us
What's wrong with loving each other and making sure we are protected
These fuckin' snakes, man
Fuckin' up our lives
I'll take a piss in your oil fields
I want some motherfuckin' payback so, yo

I wanna run for president, and the focal point when I'm campaignin'
Is to put FEMA to work on a plantation at Camp David
Demand payment for New Orleans with the best of swordsmen
Launching missiles at the White House while Tech's performin'
On the lawn and I just let 'em burn till death's confirmed
Laid to rest with worms cause otherwise they'll never learn
I'll form a cruel intent, put anthrax through the vents
From out a package I got in the mail that you just sent
But I got a better punishment for these Republicans
I'd let 'em live so they can see us overthrow the government
Let's fuck with them, have the first lady beat me off
Till my semen's launched, then I skeet across her face like Peter North
And I won't leave a doubt what we about when I cream her mouth
Or leave her trout bleeding out on Condoleezza's couch
I'll seek this route without regrets, and drink a brew then think of you
Cause if it's the last fuckin' thing I do I'll...

Yeah, Immortal Technique, Rassy
Nigga, I never forget nothing nigga

Fifty-one percent of the World Bank is owned by the U.S. treasury
Robbing third world countries out all they resources and equity
When Afghanistan was fighting the Russians
Reagan and Bush gave Bin Laden weapons and told him get to bussin
We even called 'em freedom fighters
Financed the cost with CIA imported cocaine
That whole Iran Contra Scandal, niggas took the blame
Started a war on drugs
Meanwhile Russia's defeated, America thinks more oil for us
Take over, set up a puppet government, Arabs ain't bearing it
So the same freedom fighters, George W. call 'em terrorists
Poetic justice, payback's a bitch, these fuckin hypocrites
Like Bill O'Reilly, right-wingers deserve what they get
Rush Limbaugh, drug addict, Giuliani, sex scandal
I wanna thank white supremacists then show you how my tech's handled
My neck's nano-technologically designed
It spits SARS to all you stupid ass execs that capital resigned
I am vindictive, faggots

Yeah I got something for you motherfuckers haha
You want it, here you go

The first payback that I would accomplish
I'd draft children from the Senate and Congress
Pompous religious right made suicidal
When I exposed Josephus for ghost writin' the Bible
Making nuclear silos, bomb the world with hydro
Chinese dragon sized blunts in Maracaibo
Huh, and everyone flashing a gun on a DVD
I'd make them niggas shoot it out with NYPD
And every fucker that didn't buy my CD
I'd stab the revolution in their neck with an IV
See me, own the world, I'd give it back to the poor
I'd give a last name to every single son of a whore
Hard to the core, fuck what the game is
Niggas pop on they block but they globally nameless
I'd show the hood real gangsters and make 'em famous
Langley Virginia, where my connect for cocaine is
I'd make everybody fuckin have the world darkening
I make rap about lyrics, not beats and marketing
Replace every raped virgin's broken hymen
Holding De Beers reclining, while they choke on they diamonds
My designing's like Francis Ford Coppola rhyming
Building a universe inside solitary confinement
I'd reverse Rockefeller laws and bring Mumia home
And serve the President freestyling offa the dome

A message to the outgoing president
I got a great idea nigga, kill yourself
You know it's so funny, I thought about it the other day
You should probably kill yourself
Why don't you kill yourself?
Ahahahahahahaaa!
Look, let me make something abundantly clear for people that are so bereft of activities they feel like they gotta comment on every one of mine.
First of all, being a vegetarian should never be associated with being a revolutionary or being open-minded—that's a dietary choice.
If someone wants to proliferate the type of ignorance we're supposed to be fighting by thinking that, you're just fuckin' yourself.
I don't go around promoting beef and poultry, shoving it in people's faces, I don't castigate people for not eating steak sandwiches, and I would never diss someone for being a fuckin' broccoli head, or living off radishes or eating grass with tofu.
I like a lot of vegan cuisine, but the illogicality of expecting everyone to adopt your particular idea of what being healthy is, is just preposterous.
I've seen some of you herbivores, and if you wanna argue health, y'all need to eat some kind of supplement, because some of y'all are so skinny that it's disgusting.
Lookin' like the only hip hop motherfuckas on Schindler's list.
Being a malnutrition ass got nothing to do with being revolutionary or being on point.
I'll be damned if I let somebody else push their agenda on me.
You know, I don't eat pork, not 'cause I'm a Muslim—I just don't really like it, but I really will fuck a bird up, and fish is good when that shit is fresh.
It's like my nigga Vast Aire from Can' Ox said, "If you don't like the smell of burning meat, then get the fuck off the planet!"
You know, I don't criticize people for eating moss.
And don't open your fuckin' mouth about my food, man!
I like beef and broccoli, motherfucka.
Mind your goddamn business!
Matter of fact, you know what? I'm out.
I feel like asome arroz con pollo, a banana daiquiri, and a motherfuckin bistec empanado.
You have to speak the truth
You have to speak your mind

Every time I speak my mind I'm lyrically critical
The pinnacle of being revolutionarily pivotal
Beyond anything ever studied that's metaphysical
Man, fuck a minority, I'm not politically minimal
But obviously terminologies that are statistical
Are manufactured to be unequivocally subliminal
Transmitted by monopolized media visuals
So I riddle hypocritically pitiful criminals
Habitually utilizing typical rituals
With false pretense in attempts to be spiritual
To individuals who believe in Biblical miracles
Instead of themselves, 'cause they're not thinkin' original
And the color of their skin makes them feel invisible
Like microscopic miscarriages lynched with the umbilical
Only a fuckin' imbecile would think they're uncorrectable
'Cause you're susceptible to becomin' more than a spectacle
Remember that your flesh, your blood, and your body are dissectable; I'll beat you until you're a vegetable
And wake up in a hospital, covered in poisonous chemicals
In a fetal position with your face sewn to your testicles
Thinkin' that you were kidnapped by extraterrestrials
You got heart? I'm the blood that pumps in your ventricles
Technique, I'm like your soul, nigga, indispensable
With no respect for those who cower at the hour of revolution
'Cause the government owes my people restitution
Instead of sedatives like cocaine and prostitution
Conclusion is that you'll have to violently silence me
'Cause I raid the airwaves of cutthroat piracy
In school my teachers blinded me, but now I can see
Now I'm mentally and revolutionarily free
Broadenin' horizons about what my people could be
If we wasn't set up to get shot, locked, or OD
You see families bleed because of corporate greed
And monopolizin' weed is virtually impossible
So it won't be legalized, and that's another obstacle
But I'm still rollin' up pocket fulls of tropical
The government's involved directly, so it's unstoppable
Like a nuclear rocket full of biochemical toxins
That invade the ecological
Improbable that the average intellect could understand
So I encrypted this into hip hop that's in high demand
And spread it through the ghetto of every city like contraband
Stomp a man of any complexion with a devilish nature
'Cause I'm tryin' to save the Earth
But you're just gettin' in line to rape her
Somebody talked shit to me in L.A. and never lived
Cause brown roll deeper than red or blue ever did
I got bullets that'll rip through your ribs
More painful than watching R. Kelly piss on your kids
Here's the ultimatum mothafucka
Give me that *ASCAP*
Or give America Biggie and 2Pac flashbacks
Some niggas don't think the Underground is grimy and dirty
'Til they find your body on a fucking highway in Jersey
I fire rockets at generic topics
Your lyrics don't hold weight
Like two-dimensional objects
Cause jail culture didn't give you that fitted hat
To memorize a ghostwritten shit verse and spit it back
I won't let your wack rhymes redefine lyricism
For a whole generation with their fathers in prison
You live inside the image of an Era that's gone
Like government officials trying to justify Vietnam
I'll leave niggas traumatized like they momma died
And they was responsible for the driveby homicide
And I don't market revolution, I live it
What you think cause you fake everyone else is a gimmick
Jealous bickering, industry slaves, the nerve of you
Like a child prostitute born into a life of servitude
Until we murder you making the red carpet burgundy
The Psycho Realm and the streets were I prefer to be

Hollywood Driveby, motherfucking murderfest
Weed clouds in the air that cause turbulence
'Revolution' motherfucka you heard of it
I light the spliff with the flag while Im burning it
Hollywood Driveby, spraying the cucarachas
War with the system like the streets of Oaxaca
Yea 'Revolution' motherfucka yea you scared of it
Well its coming to the industry now so be prepared for it

You're on some bullshit tracks I spit them full clip raps
While most of these 'gangsta rappers' are some full fledge rats
The real Gs stay strapped in full combat
What you see in the videos is full on acts
The streets don't believe you homie
Armaggeddon in the rap game is coming and we lead the army
Rock 'Terror Tape' out of your sounds
Got hostages in pink, this is what they call hip hop now
I keep that metro shit out of my whip
Man that dummy rap is thru, making money is about to extinct
You know the radio is trying to kill rap with that shit
The only thing dying is the DJs when the K spit
We'll hit his CEOs and blow up A&Rs
Im taking your chips like crashing your game of cards
This is how I eat holmes I will give you bars
And take the life of these stars for the state of ours

Hollywood Driveby, motherfucking murderfest
Weed clouds in the air that cause turbulence
'Revolution' motherfucka you heard of it
I light the spliff with the flag while Im burning it
Hollywood Driveby, spraying the cucarachas
War with the system like the streets of Oaxaca
Yea 'Revolution' motherfucka yea you scared of it
Well its coming to the industry now so be prepared for it

Im from the city of fallen stars the home of bangin hard
Waitin for them at the Radio City Hall to snatch em out their fuckin cars
Expose em for what they are: narcs, jakes, snake informants
Feeding us horse shit, blaze up all of them
They say hip hop doesn't exist
Rappers talking hard dressed up like punk rock kids
Pumped up by some corporate endorsement dead corpses are voiceless
No one hears ya homie, ya little fame is over
We'll send little homies for closer like bankers cuz you owe us the mortgage
For exploiting the lifestyle that many died, jailed up for storage
Leaving most of us hopeless homies radio focused
What we're building got em all afraid
Gimme the K I'll be honored to ignite the flame
That'll burn down the game, whats fame? Keep it..
A movement.. a sonic war, motherfucka you sleepin

Hollywood Driveby, motherfucking murderfest
Weed clouds in the air that cause turbulence
'Revolution' motherfucka you heard of it
I light the spliff with the flag while Im burning it
Hollywood Driveby, spraying the cucarachas
War with the system like the streets of Oaxaca
Yea 'Revolution' motherfucka yea you scared of it
Well its coming to the industry now so be prepared for it
Before we go any further..
I would like to send a message to all the underground mc's out there, working hard
The time has come to realize your net worth in the market
And stop being a fucking commodity
And if you didn't understand what I've just said then you already waiting to get fucked
For example; a lot of these promoters are doing showcases
Throwing events, and not even paying the workhorses
They trying get us to rock for the love of hiphop or rock for the exposure
Now look man, I don't mind doing a guest spot for my peeps
Or, or, or doing a benefit show, but don't lie to me pussy
Coz I find out I'm paying your light bill, I'm fucking you up nigga
Besides, you ain't doing this for the love, you ain't doing it for the exposure
You charging up to 10$ at the door, and you ain't tryin to give me shit?
So wait a minute... you want me to go shopping, cook the food, and put it in front of you
But you won't let me sit down and eat with you? The fuck is that?
Niggas need to start playing their position, man
Just cause you throw a party, a hosting event, or an open mic or a showcase, or a battle
That don't make you important at all
Without me and everybody like me out there
You ain't nutting but a good idea, motherfucker
So stay in your place
And to all these bitchass A&Rs who are too lazy to come up with a way to sell records..
That they keep recycling marketing schemes and imagery
C'mon..
There is a market for everything man
There is a market for pet psychologists nigga. There is a market for twisted
Shitfetish video's. For nipplerings, for riverdancing, for chocolate covered roaches..
But you can't find one for cultured hardcore reality and hip-hop?
People like you: the house nigga executives
And them rich motherfuckers that own you; you the motherfucking machine man!
You and all these niggas talking about the same shit
With the same flow over the same candy-ass beats
But I refuse the feed the machine
And Im not giving any magazine money
So maybe my album won't get 5 mics, or double-x-l's, or 5 discs
Whatever man, fuck it
But then again; you don't own me, and none of you niggas ever will
If I'm feeling what you fight for I'm rolling with you to the end
But if not, then FUCK YOU!
And the more that mc's, producers, dj's
And independent labels start to grasp the conceptuality
Of what their contribution to the business of hiphop is
Rather then just the music - the more the industry will be forced to change
Oh , heh, and one last thing;
You don't have to agree with everything I've said
But don't ever be condescending to me
Picking up your wack ass friends that rhyme and being like
'Ow yeah, Immortal Technique - he's aaiight'
No nigga..
Your mom is pussy, that's aaiight, ok..
Your peoples getting shot dead in the street, that's aaiight
I'm the motherfucking Immortal Technique nigga! The message and the money!
And you ain't got either!
Remember that!
Punk ass motherfucker..
(Yes I did... I made a mistake... yes I did)
Huh..ya know living this type a life
Makes you grow up faster than you'd expect to sometimes...
Fuck around and be in your late twenties...
Feelin like a old man and shit...
Yeah for real son... let em know
It's hard to breath and hard to run when your lung's blackened
Coughing up blood like what the fuck happened
Raising my risk of cancer's the answer homie
But after drinking something there's nothing like puffing a bogie
Now I can blame the same product placement in movies
Or the commercials, or Scarface in a jacuzzi
But now I'm living it
Damn I should a never took that first cigarette
(I made a mistake)
I fucked up, like your girl was riding on top of me
I should of took her to trial and never copped a plea
But this ain't a Christian nation motherfucka please
America never taught me to turn the other cheek
Cause I'm from Harlem, the north of Manhattan
We knock niggas out and make em bounce like Ricky Hatton
But wildin on the corner got me turned back from the Canadian border
(I made a mistake)
I knew she was a virgin, when I first met her
Rockin stockings and poppin out of the catholic school sweater
Mom told her she could do better than a criminal
Seventeen year-old psychotic, trying to be lyrical
I never meant to break her heart or fuck up her life
But I was careless, instead of treating her right
I seen her again at some club strippin and wondered
If I could have made her life different
(I made a mistake... yes I did... )
[Tech talking over the beat:
Damn shortie, you got me on some singin the blues shit...
But you gotta stop looking backwards and remember to look ahead...
This is for all my dudes on patrol in the desert right now... for real]
(I made a mistake)
Yeah..yeah... I joined the army looking for money to go to college
But they ain't pay me a quarter of what they fucking promised
Extended my tour, treating me like a sucker
That's the reason officers get fragged motherfucker
Don't give me speeches on how you respect and you love me
But no body armor in a lightly armored humvee?!
My family's lonely and you want me to reenlist for 30 grand homie?
(I made a mistake)
When I was young I got signed to a record label
The deal looked so good when it was on the table
It paid for my cable, cribs, cars and jewelry
The studios, the women there's nothing they wouldn't do for me
Except stop screwing me for publishing and royalties
How the fuck are you my dawg, when there's no loyalty?
Word to the street
I should've gone independent like Immortal Technique
(I made a mistake)
Some people learn from mistakes and don't repeat them
Others try to block the memories and just delete them
But I keep em as a reminder they not killing me
And I thank God for teaching me humility
Son, remember when you fight to be free
To see things how they are and not how you like em to be
Cause even when the world is falling on top of me
Pessimism is an emotion, not a philosophy
Knowing what's wrong doesn't imply that you right
And its another, when you suffer to apply it in life
But I'm no rookie
And I'm never gonna make the same mistake twice pussy
(Invasion)
Ok... let's go... talk to em'... holler
Don't you get tired of hearing niggas say that shit?... all the time?
Why can't you shut the fuck up and rhyme nigga?!

Yeah... yeah
Used to run around getting my fight in the streets on
Back in the day before Harlem had a green zone
What good is a good education with no direction?
Like the right to vote with no one to vote for in an election
Like a gun with no bullets in the clip for protection
Like a crowd packed in the front without the midsection
Used to live robbing and stealing and being reckless
It took time for my mind to put the ghetto in perspective
I used to live in the back of a holding van
Used to be offbeat like the white girls' shoulder dance
I wrote rhymes a acappella, no beat behind bars
Shed blood to make it, like the story behind scars
I used to be a battle champion in the meanwhile
Before some of you little fuckers learned to freestyle
Prematurely senile underground prima donnas
I was Oliver North during Iran Contra
Cause I never snitched, and that's backed by evidence
I learned it by watching you, don't ever forget it bitch
Cause everybody knows how the government do
They never snitch on themselves, but they want you to snitch on YOU
Evolution from Australopithecus
Primitive commercial shit to hard-core lyricist
Your wax is useless, rappers are dropping like Icarus
Technological revolution... nigga picture this

Motherfucka what?

Yeah
I told you what it was, but this is what it is now
Lyrical bullets, packed to the top of the clip now
Treat it like a robbery, I'm shutting this shit down
Fellas put your hands up and the all the women strip down
That's not misogynist you ostriches, cause I could just, apocalypse
Talk politics to the populace
Or challenge what the market is
With militant caucuses
That'll smash the spirit of Hip Hop out the sarcophagus
This is the curse of Tutankhamen, I bring the drama on
I'm sinful, I eat you, broad daylight on Ramadan
Hip Hop, reparations, now we taking back Delucci
Don't tell me you spent it on coke, like Danny Bonaduce
We're tired of being on the outside, looking in
Wondering what the fuck Hip Hop would've been
This is what it is, as opposed to what it used to be
And this is your corporate tax ID eulogy
Dominant species the new breed that won't let you breath
I'll make you die for what I believe
So we got nothing in common
There ain't no comparison
You got beef with niggas, I got beef with Aryans
White power Nazi European Americans
Rapid Poverty pimps, and fake vegetarians
The resurrection, ripping a ball through the record section
Flight connection to the Chechen border for guerrilla lessons
Fuck a middle man distributor, I got a choice now
This ain't Volume 1., I got a grown man's voice now
Toured the country four times over, I'm older and wiser
Poisonous words, you'll find strychnine in my saliva

(motherfucka what?... Bring it to 'em raw)

I told you what it was, but this is what it is now
50 caliber bullets, I don't need a clip now
Fuck your private jet nigga we shooting the shit down
Bomb wall street and make the stock market dip down
I told you what it was, but this is what it is now
You the shit nigga? I don't care about shit now
I play the role of Abraham, idols get ripped down
Melt the ice caps, and make all of this shit drown
(No one out there can fuck with me)
(motherfucka what?)
(I speak that real shit)
(to smash the airwaves)
(I don't want to tell you motherfuckers again)

{Deep Cover-1992}

“We’ve developed a new product. It’s completely synthetic, therefore, no growing, no refining, no peasants, best of all no international borders, no customs agents. There in that case in front of you are two detailed perspecti on marketing and anticipated cash flow and so forth…”
“You racist Americans, you just want to cut us poor hispanics completely out of the market.”
"Now I think you know that there is no such thing as an American anymore. No Hispanics, no Japanese, no blacks, no whites, no nothing. Just rich people and poor people.”
Nearly all religions were brought to people
And imposed on people by conquerers
And used as the framework to control their mind
My main point here is that if you are a child of God
And God is a part of you, then in your imagination
God is supposed to look like you
And when you accept a picture of the deity assigned to you
By another people, you become the spiritual prisoner of that other people
I burn my bridges with a blow torch
A rebel born from verbal holocaust
Dirty and never try to cleanse to get the drama off
Swiftest stealth assassin snipe you from balcony shots
A terrorist position, professional from the opera box
Rhyme documents infamous like the Bill of Rights
Illa tight, havin' niggas open like the thrill of dykes
Jean Grae, Yakuza mass murderer
Friends who got the dirt on her
Foes who never heard of her
Wild Style, my mouth bomb the train up
I spit Krylon in five colors, when I speak I spray my name up
Split your wig up like Denny Bruce
Splash your remains and brains out
On the street like Henny and juice
Noose your neck and loosen your spine from back
Shift your spleen, rip 'til it's just obscene
From downtown swingin' it, New York, illest who rip it
Ever, flow like a river, fuck your girl like a nigga, what


I've been through hell and back, scars swell on my back
I spit bars, y'all spit repetitive raps
I'm a street dude who decided to rhyme, with lines that'll crack the disc between your mind and your spine
That's why y'all wanna bite my design
And that's why usually I hold the mic like a 9
Pistol-whip you on the side of your eye, watch it pop out
We knock out cats and wipe the floors with their rocks out
Shocked now? Like you drivin' in a lightning storm
With the top down, we got this locked down
Like convicts on the run, gettin' shot down for phone time
We gainin' yards in the whole nine
See, me and Tech, we steadily building
And we about to blow like the Oklahoma Federal Building
And all them niggas get mad when we step in the building 'Cause we make the crowd jump
And hit they head on the ceiling, what


I spit heat like the deserts of Saudi Arabia
Bury competition like Mesopotamia
Emanatin' radiation, pissin' liquid uranium
I bring the rock like European drunks in soccer stadiums
I'll split your cranium with perfect symmetry, lyrically
If you're not the illest, then you don't deserve to spit with me
OBS-obliterating bastards sacrilegiously
I sacrifice niggas who talk shit, ritualistically
Meticulously makin' all my rivals suicidal
Like white suburban kids on acid, readin' the Satanic Bible
My arrival is genocidal like Christopher Columbus
Exterminatin' races of wack MC's that walk among us
I've just begun to bust, I'll make this place open candela
These racist cops wanna lock me longer then Nelson Mandela
Pissed off, I'm makin' hella paper, East to West Coast
And I treat the law in this country like a motherfuckin' joke
'Cause if I'm willin' to smoke the President
While he's sniffin' his coke
You know it don't mean shit to me to cut a fuckin' cop's throat

Jean Grae, Pumpkinhead, Immortal Technique
DP-one, tell 'em what the fuck we about to do!
{Sh, sh, sh, shit on the whole industry}
Yo, Tech, it's the last call, baby, what's good?
Yeah, you know, a remix just feels right though
Before we get outta here
You gotta drop one last gem on them, nahmsayin?
No question, it's like the elders told me
No one person can do anything
But everyone can do something
So we gotta rep for all the niggas that ain't here right now
The outro tip, the One Remix, yo

One Enterprises comprises the artist and the sound
The pen and paper plays my savior while I'm gettin' down
Pray for my neighbors as a favor for holdin' me down
Slave for my papers as I savor the way that it pounds
It's underground, but the blatent vibrations widely found
Facin' the nation, complacent radio stations now
Stop hesitatin' and contemplatin' the way we patient
Start motivatin' and get them playin' the shit we sayin'
Ain't no delayin' in this war that we gettin' slayed in
'Cause time's a wastin' while we stand adjacent to abrasions
Their fouls are more than flagrant
And so I see the prisons cages while I pound the pavement
Lookin' for payment, sayin', "Fuck enslavement!"
Usin' the tools of old ancients
Announcin' my engagment to this music that we makin'
Ain't no fakin' on tracks, and we ain't never come wack
Immortal Technique and Akir
Y'all niggas fear it's a wrap, it's like…

One love, one music
One people, one movement
One heart, one spark
One, One, One, One
One gift, one lift
One stance, one shift
One way, one day
One, One, One, One, One

Immortal Technique in the trenches with my nigga Akir
Our family surived the genocides so we can be here
And now we enterprise the aftermath, one in the same
Livin' the revolution 'til we catch one in the brain
And even then my spirit will return in heavenly form
And wipe the chess board clean of my enemy's pawns
The Red Dawn Communist threat, buried and gone
So they invented a war the government can carry on
It makes me wonder if the word of God is lost in the man
This is for the children of Iraq lost in the sand
This is for the illest emcees that'll never be known
And this is for all the soliders that'll never come home
I wrote this for Mumia, stuck in the beast
For people who march in the streets, and struggle for peace
For hood niggas, born rugged, never rockin' Versace
Eddie Ramierez's cousin George, and my old friend Sashi
Chris from the block, and all my niggas stuck in a cell
Paul Wolfowitz, motherfucker, I'll see you in Hell
My destiny is to show the world that the music is real
Go back in time and play this shit for the slaves in the field
And for my children in the future, that are waitin' to breathe
People slowly dyin' hangin' on, waitin' to leave
Believe when I'm gone, and this album's on a library shelf
I'll be one with God and one with you and everything else

One love, one music
One people, one movement
One heart, one spark
One, One, One, One
One gift, one lift
One stance, one shift
One way, one day
One, One, One, One, One

Yeah, Revolutionary Vol. 2 has been brought to you
By the type of motherfuckers who ain't scared of shit
And if you playin' this album, and I'm no longer here
And sometime far away from when I recorded this
Remember that history
Isn't the way the corporate controlled media made it look like
Read between the lines and free your mind!
Revolution is the birth of equality
And the antithesis to oppression
But this is only built for real motherfuckers
So when I'm gone, don't let nobody I never got along with try to make songs, kissin' my ass, recyclin' my beats or my vocals
The shit is real over here, man, thank you for listenin'
And thank you for supportin' independent Hip Hop
The heart and soul of our culture
Keepin' the truth alive, goodnight, my people, goodnight!
"I want the world to know you won't beat us, because we're the children of those who took the worst fall of slavery and brutality that ever lived, that ever existed. Our parents survived the Middle Passage. Only the strong got here, and then we lost our name, our culture, our religion, and we're still here. So you may have a momentary victory, Mr. Bush, but you don't know who we are."

I pledge no allegiance, fuck the President's speeches!
What the industry did to 'Pac they did to Jesus
Rapin' his vocals, and then destroyin' the message
Tryin' to deport us if they can't destroy and arrest us
Government front religious, but their heart is empty
Like a televangelist preachin' out of his Bentley
Callin' abortion murder in a medical building
But don't give a fuck about bombin' Iraqi children
Talkin' like units in the fuckin' libretto
Look at their mansions and look at your suburban ghetto
The gulag, the new hood where they send us to live
'Cause they don't give a fuck about none of our kids
That's why Blacks and Latinos get the worst education
While devils run America like Birth of a Nation
Affirmative action ain't reverse discrimination
That shit is a pathetic excuse for reparations

Bin Laden didn't blow up the projects
It was you, nigga, it was you
Bush knocked down the towers
It was you, nigga, it was you
It was you, motherfucker!

They say that terrorism revolves around the Qur'an
But that is stupid, I'll show you why it's totally wrong
'Cause if this country was invaded and crumbled
I'd turn Harlem into a Columbian jungle
And I wouldn't be fightin' for a Christian nation
I'd be fightin' for survival from extermination
I wouldn't fight for Fox News, them racist niggas
I'd be fightin' for the hood, for the faceless niggas
For the immigrants America loves to despise
Even though it needs them to make the economy rise
They feed us genetically-modified garbage
So I repetitively reload the cartridge
Boston, New York, down to Atlanta
Guerilla war in the swamps of Louisiana
Camera panoramas of hammers couldn't rock me
East Coast to West Coast, you can't stop me
And fuck Schwarzenegger, his pops was a Nazi
And it runs in the family, so run for the Grammy's
Run to the coon picnic and try to pick up a mammy
But half of y'all are faggots tryin' to pick up a tranny
Eddie Murphy-ass motherfuckers goin' commercial
Even Interscope is gettin' pimped by Universal
Green Tutankhamen Lantern, I curse you and murk you
But the Bin Laden slush fund remix just burked you

Bin Laden didn't blow up the projects
It was you, nigga, it was you
Bush knocked down the towers
It was you, nigga, it was you
It was you, motherfucker!
This is an invasion, an occupation
Immortal Technique, the evil genius DJ Green Lantern
And you're now in the state of guerrilla warfare
It has been spread by the superpowers of the industry
To the 3rd World underground of the streets
This is for all those who've been labeled extremists, maniacs, terrorists
Shit.. Welcome to the 3rd World

Yeah.. Yeah..
Invasion and rampant monetary inflation
That brought us all to the footsteps of this nation
Peruvians, Haitians, Ecuadorians, Nicaraguans, Colombians, Salvadorians
Invasion and rampant monetary inflation
That brought us all to the footsteps of this nation

Invasion and rampant monetary inflation
That brought us all to the footsteps of this nation
Peruvians, Haitians, Ecuadorians, Nicaraguans, Colombians, Salvadorians
They call us terrorists after they ruined our countries
Funding right-wing paramilitary monkeys
Tortured our populace then blamed the communists
Your lies are too obvious, propaganda monotonous
And that's not socialist mythology
This is urban warfare through the streets of your psychology
So I'm like the legs of a paraplegic really
Cause I'm still part of you even if you can't feel me
You can never debate me, The M4s at your baby
Like troops with gats in Iraq do daily
So you can marginalize the way you portray me
But don't get Hollywood and try to play me
We can shoot it out in the theater like troops in the 80s
New Jack City classic crack era, mack-milli
Shouting BET is not black-owned on Rap City
You got a contract to kill me motherfucker, that's fine
Cause there's a contract to kill your family when I die
So when your car explodes, don't be surprised
Soldier, I'm like Marine Corp C4
Even blow the spot with the beat rocking at 3/4
Canvas the flow like the ghost of Michelangelo
This is the anthem, Immortal Technique and Green Lantern
Don't say shit bitch, you don't want the "check, check"
To become a ::chick, chick:: You know what I'm sick with
Lyrical tuberculosis, cocaine overdoses
Blood coming out your noses, that's when death approaches
March to my death smiling, laugh if the end's violent
There's no escape from this political asylum
Revolutionaries don't fear execution
Cause the death of my visible Constitution
Is just the beginning of spiritual evolution
God will reincarnate me as revolution

You can't take out a revolution
You can't kill a idea
Fuck is you stupid?
You kill that man, he becomes Immortal

Ignore the triplets, this is a fully loaded four-four
3rd World underground hardcore
Street-hop, locked and loaded, motherfucker you should know it
Blast the door to the game open and overthrow it
I know I look like Immortal Technique to you
But I created this genetic clone just to speak to you
Me and 279 are plantin' a bomb in the building
'Cause underground shows never got women and children
I'm serial-killin' every fake nigga alive
So most people tryin' to rap won't survive
Machine-gun everything around me like a panorama
And burn rubber with the ghost of Princess Diana
I'm like Santana: pullin' strings in the game
While slaves emulate their masters livin' the same
Forget the fame, I can't rest a second alone
I got homeland security tappin' my phone
But here's a warning to the government that creeps on me
I'm like a cum-stained mattress: don't sleep on me
I roll deep, with a fully loaded AK
Murder cowards in their sleep like the IRA
I represent Zone 4 Dawg, that's the best hood
You catch a shot while you sittin' in your whip
Like Tim Westwood
Whilin' out, you know how we doin' persuin'
And this is freestyle in the meanwhile
Other cats are spittin' a written bitten composition
You're crushed into submission
This is Harlem, you'll never rise to stardom, kid
I came down to London, and you know how we did
And this is off the dome, off of the brain, lyrically insane
And that's how I'm trippin', that's how I'm flippin'
Ayo, check it out, now I'm the illest Latino
I never had to buy an album back like Benzino
You know I'm sick with the flow, spittin' it slow
And yo, I had to go to the bathroom, I made a scramble
I lost 10 pounds, and I don't even gamble
So you know what's happenin'
When I'm rockin' it off of the brain, lyrically insane
Immortal Technique, sayin' you nice as me, dawg?
You straight tellin' lies
Me and you have never been even like Biggie Smalls' eyes
When will you realize Immortal Technique is iller?
The socialist guerrilla, stomp you like a stone pillar
Comin' through, representin' whoever
Cleverly, under the weather, yo, it's like that
The Latin assassin will make it happen
I'm about to go platinum, but when you see me up in the spot
Rockin' it hip-hop off the top of the knot
And yo, that's how it goes, that's how it flows
That's how it shows, ayo, it's 96.9
Ayo, I substract the same numbers from both sides
And that's 5-9, and that's fine, and I continue to climb
I continue to shine, I continue to climb
The voice of racism preachin' the gospel, ayo, that's devilish
A church in America called the prophet Muhammad a terrorist
Forgettin' God is not a religion, but a spiritual bond
And Jesus is the most quoted prophet in the Qu'ran
They bombin' innocent people, tryin' to murder Saddam
When they gave him those chemical weapons
To go to war with Iran
This is the information that they hold back from Peter Jennings
'Cause Condoleeza Rice is just a New Age Sally Hemmings
I break it down with critical language and spiritual anguish
The Judas I hang with, the guilt of betrayin' Christ
You murdered him, stole his religion, and painted him white
Translated in psychologically tainted philosophy
Conservative political right wing, ideology
Glued together sloppily, the blasphemy of a nation
I got my back to the wall, I'm facin' assassination
Guantanamo Bay, federal incarceration
How could this be, the land of the free, home of the brave?
Indigenous holocaust, and the home of the slaves
Corporate America dancin' offbeat to the rhythm
They really think this country never sponsored terrorism
Human rights violations, we continue the saga
El Savador and the contras in Nicaragua
And on top of that, they still wanna take me to prison
Just 'cause I won't trade humanity for patriotism
Ayo, I'm still buggin' out, I know you flipped the instrumental
Which is coincidental, I'm spittin' off the top of the mental
Ayo, this government is tappin' my phone
Like I told you before, I'm keepin' it raw
I smash your kids hands in a car door
And thats how it goes, you know there’s ill and there's crazy
Immortal Technique blazingly, amazing MC's
Yo, I'm hangin' out with the illest rappers alive
And yo, I strive to be better, I strive to survive
I strive to strap a live wire to the top of my brain
I make cuts on my dick with masochistic tactics
And then take a fat ish
While simultaneously stabbin' a pregnant fat bitch
On a vomit-covered mattress
While the featus uses my dick to practice gymnastics
Dancin' on it like a balance beam, doin' backflips
Ayo, I smack kids, and I compact them, ayo, I subtract them
And I'm keepin' this freestyle from the brain
I'm lyrically insane, let me explain
Ayo, let me give you the rap-up from 2003
People went to war and they tried to drag me and everyone else, and now we about to put Tony Blair back on the shelf
We're takin' it over, my word to Jehovah
I don't got a Range Rover, I be in the tube, I be at the 
Spittin' on people's faces and whilin' out
Ayo, no doubt, I keep it complete, Immortal Technique
And I can even flip it in Spanish, make rappers vanish
{Proceeds to rap in Spanish}
Like, Immortal Technique, I be chillin', with my boy Clamento
Ayo, Ralph Dogg dot com, log on, so we can drop bombs
Yo, Bragging Rights to hook dot com
To Rock Steady, you're not ready
Won every battle in New York city
Your style is not pretty, kinda like Macy Gray
Ahaha, and my faith in God is kinda shitty
I'll put my hand on a Bible and tell Whoopi that she's pretty
And this is some mean stuff
That I'm spittin' off the top of the brain
Ayo, you know how I rock, 2-7-9
That means you catchin' eighteen shots
And that's how it goes, and that's how it flows
And I'm out of here, I'm out with your ho
I'm with your masters and the cash in the Jetta
Sinceramente Technique, end of the letter
* hidden track; follows right after "Crimes of the Heart" at 04:30

What you thought it was over?!
Shit ain't over 'til we say it's over motherfucker
Aiyyo Tech, what you think about the rap game right about now?
"It's all bullshit, you know that, I know that!
Hey, come along with me man, we'll have a budget, huh?
We'll have some clout.."
"I didn't get into this for that!"
"Well that's all there is!"
"Well if that's all there is I've been wastin my motherfuckin time wit'chu
I can get more clout and more money on the STREET
Than I can get followin your ass..."

(Rebel arms!) Yeah... yeah, uhh, yeah
The game is polluted with rappers that are really snitches
And most DJ's are nothin but, industry bitches
And we don't got, no mansion or riches
But we got guns and knives and your children's pictures
And everybody loses in war, but you lose more
What you think we brought back the Panthers, and the Zulu for?
Immortal witchdoctor made himself a voodoo doll
For every motherfucker that fronted that I can recall
Fuck the industry, don't call me, you can't get with me
I'll leave niggas hangin like Mississippi
RBG to the last drop of blood in my body
Or the Feds drag me away, like a tsunami
But I'll be back, like a fresh bodybag from Iraq
Like a Baltimore slum, during the resurgence of crack
Brown and black, like the A.K. I keep in the strap
While we waitin on the next stock market collapse!

It's territorial, oratory editorial
Fuck around I'll be the cause of your life's memorial
I write rap's territorial, East Coast border zoo
Never crossin waters 'til I will coastally slaughter you
I'm better than all of you, vendetta's be mauling you
You're talkin cheddar, I'm a shreddar, I'll sever it off of you
I'll never remorse for you, no letters endorsin you
Pole position in the coffin is what it's, costin you
The cockiest bosses who control the fortunes too
The mortgage is of a cultural losses, through and through
(But it's the rebel arms!) Godspeed with devil's charms
The bitch-made gets switchblades in every arm
And this way we ix-nay on any harm
Cause snakes play and fakes lay like hidden bombs
We march in unison, the soul is true within
Eternal missions with church, a lifetime to do it in
Stronghold said it, whoop yo' bitch-ass with batons
The rebel arms swarm and form like Voltron
Slash your own beast, you heard +Mark of the East+
Runnin through cop lands screamin "Fuck the police!"
Hormones in the water (water) they actin out of order
Like a pack of rabid wolves, they lambs for the slaughter
Crush your mandible, rip the drums like Animal
Eat MC's they my own kind, I'm a cannibal
My regimen salute me, haters wanna shoot me
Kool-Aid in their veins, they're lawyers tryin to sue me
"You sell crack and rap, did a skid bid
Multiple baby mamas, take care of yo' kids"
Guillotine rap, shackles on your neck
Chemical warfare where punchlines connect
Da Circle play the snipers, with Immortal Tech'
They called the block governor to drag him of the set!

Rebel arms out for supremacy and move non-gimmicky
Related to royalty on each trip you mention me
Twist bars illest-ly, rebel against the infantry
Get more than yo' feet wet when I make you a memory
Cats not ready because they commercially industry
I make house calls to those afraid to visit me
Disrespect, I'll smash off the petty
From undisclosed locates, move fast for their cheddy
Arch don't breakdance, yet I +Rock Steady+
I jump on your scope to prove your aim not deadly
My shot to the top is like Mikki and Mal' smelly
Flow milky like the tits of a chick, that's top heavy
The +Technique's Immortal+ so Rebel Arm's the regiment
Arch status nicer than, other rappers ever been
My cantine's full from when the doc don't got medicine
Five-star general, frontline veteran

Invasion baby!
Shit ain't a fuckin game that we playin
Immortal Technique...
Oh yeah, don't forget
"Revolutionary Vol. 3" comin soon
You're not worthy, you sons-of-bitches!
To think about the origins of Hip-Hop in this culture and also about Homeland Security is to see that there are, at the very least, two worlds in America: one of the well-to-do and another of the struggling. For if ever there was the absence of Homeland Security, it is seen in the gritty roots of Hip-Hop. For the music arises from a generation that feels, with some justice, that they have been betrayed by those who came before them, that they are at best tolerated in schools, feared on the streets, and almost inevitably destined for the hell holes of prison. They grew up hungry, hated, and unloved, and this is the psychic fuel that generates the anger that seems endemic in much of the music and poetry. One senses very little hope above the personal goals of wealth to climb above the pit of poverty. In the broader society, the opposite is true, for here, more than any other place on earth, wealth is so wide spread and so bountiful that what passes for the middle class in America could pass for the upper class in most of the rest of the world. They're very opulence and relative wealth makes them insecure and homeland security is a governmental phrase that is as oxymoronic as crazy as saying military intelligence, or the U.S Department of Justice. They're just words, they have very little relationship to reality. Now do you feel safer now? Do you think you will anytime soon? Do you think duct tape and Kleenex and color codes will make you safer? From Death Row this is Mumia Abu-Jamal
This is the Invasion
The Evil Genius Green Lantern!
Immortal Technique, "The 3rd World"
It's on now motherfucker - ha, ha drop
You know you got the right to bear arms, huh
Sometimes you might have to brandish a motherfuckin firearm
Lick shots, lick shots, lick shots, lick shots

Lick shots, lick shots, lick shots
Lick shots for the revolution!
Lick shots, lick shots, lick shots, lick shots
But watch, where the fuck you shootin'!
Yo, where you aimin' at? Where you aimin' at?
Where the fuck you niggas aimin' at?
Where you aimin' at? Where you aimin' at?
This is only for the hardcore wherever you at, yeah

Volume 1, cop killer, hip-hop has never been realer
Volume 2 shot up the president like a guerilla
New York police state capital tried to swallow me
Locked me longer than Puerto Rico been a colony
Thirteenth Amendment slavery property
And now they signin rappers that promote their philosophy
Fuck that, nigga hip-hop is not Republican
That's just the white motherfuckers that own the publishin
And get the fuck out, if you want the foreigners gone
I paint the White House black and park my car on the lawn
Marry a Muslim girl and fuck her five times a day
Every time right before we shower and pray
You damn right the AK, symbolizes Jihad
But a holy war, is a conversation with God
You bitch niggas misinterpret what you don't understand
Stackin' the wrong sign can end up, shootin' your man
Shootin' each other, shootin' your brother
Aim the gun at the right motherfucker
And leave him colder than the prison in Russia
Or America's white power structure
Niggas love to say "Fuck revolution!"
Until the jury come in and move for the prosecution
And then brothers act like a born-again Huey Newton
Forgot about the bullshit music they was producin'
But my niggas aim precisely, through the confusion and

Lick shots, lick shots, lick shots
Lick shots for the revolution!
Lick shots, lick shots, lick shots, lick shots
But watch, where the fuck you shootin'!
Yo, where you aimin' at? Where you aimin' at?
Where the fuck you niggas aimin' at?
Where you aimin' at? Where you aimin' at?
This is only for the hardcore wherever you at, yeah

I got a hundred shooters with me, Ruger shoot you through the kidney
Stand in front of the judge and lie quicker than Scooter Libby
I'm runnin' through the city, dear God
If I murk the racist Rush Limbaugh I wonder would you forgive me
Somebody told me Glenn Beck is the Klan’s overseer
See ya, time to let him see a damn soldier
Flip your Landrover, I told ya I blam toasters
Gun pop off like the mouth of Ann Coulter
This is my gangsta religion
See I aim with precision, point blank the position
I'm black as them ancient Egyptians
Before European historians went and changed the description
I'm blamed for the 'caine in the kitchen
The C.I.A. playin' with the pigeons, same pain that I'm pitchin'
Listen, you dudes better watch the hook
I'm a boxer, coppers'll come up, Hoffa, look
They wanna get rid of this conscious crook
Like I'm an agnostic, apocryphal, non-canonical Gospel book
But I ain't goin' nowhere, that's the motherfuckin' truth
America don't care for its inner city youth, so I

Lick shots, lick shots, lick shots
Lick shots for the revolution!
Lick shots, lick shots, lick shots, lick shots
But watch, where the fuck you shootin'!
Yo, where you aimin' at? Where you aimin' at?
Where the fuck you niggas aimin' at?
Where you aimin' at? Where you aimin' at?
This is only for the hardcore wherever you at, yeah

Puerto Rican superhero!
XL eternal, my journal, Sojourner, Nat Turner
Cop murdered by the certain burner turned in the back of his sternum
He flirted with pullin' me over for bein' brown, I bust
Now he in the back of the truck with Don Imus
I must, take aim when I lick shots
Throw stray bullets like when Nas got off of Pharoahe Monch
These pigs wanna see us dead inside a jail cell
Turn us from Shawn Carter to Sean Combs to Sean Bell
My temper 'bout to break like levees in New Orleans
Catch Jimmy Iovine when he refinance his mortgages
Kid illusion is dead, we movin' with the blue and the red
Latin Kings, Giuliani with a gat to his head
Y'all don't lick shots like killers aimin' at the Feds
Y'all lick shots like Jenna Jameson and Superhead
Pigs slice to Venice and beef at the benefits meet
Buried him on Venice Beach with the flies and the bees
Chino and Immortal Tech'
Kill shit like the Chinito at Virginia Tech
And Jacob ain't your friend, he's a fuckin' jeweler
Blap! Blap! I shoot the cats off your fuckin' Pumas

Lick shots, lick shots, lick shots
Lick shots for the revolution!
Lick shots, lick shots, lick shots, lick shots
But watch, where the fuck you shootin'!
Yo, where you aimin' at? Where you aimin' at?
Where the fuck you niggas aimin' at?
Where you aimin' at? Where you aimin' at?
This is only for the hardcore wherever you at, yeah
You know back in the day, some of y'all
Would shout out Allah's name like he was hosting yor mixtape
Then after 9/11 you got scared and shut the fuck up
Didn't talk about the demonization of a culture, immigrants, nothing
Now you show up, talk about we taking it too far
Die slow! MOTHERFUCKER!
Yeah, 100 percent independent, I'm the fuckin boss
The only unsigned nigga, with a quotable in The Source
The hood is not stupid, we know the mathematics
I made double what I would going gold on Atlantic
Cause EMI, Sony BMG, Interscope
Would never sign a rapper with the White House in his scope
They push pop music like a religion
Anorexic celebrity driven financial fantasy fiction
Contradiction cause the life we was given resembles life in prison
Fed time with Manuel Noriega
The real Noriega, who did America 100 favors
With Contras, the Shah and the CIA
Movin Escobar's coke through the M-I-A
This is The 3rd World speakin, through a dead man walkin
And everybody talkin 'bout the South takin over
It's true motherfucker, but it's comin over the border
Fuck your chain, my people'll kill you for water
Fuck fans nigga, I got soldier supporters
That'll cut your throat if you strapped with a tape recorder
That's right motherfucker, welcome to the New World Order
Where the truth is always censored by corporate reporters
The government, runs the drug politics on the corner
That's why I never stress rappers and their employers
I put a bag over his fuckin head and torture your lawyer
Cause it's too simple to shoot ya - I'll taser the roof of
Your mouth and electrocute ya, I'll root you out with the Ruger
The German Luger, U-boat, and the troops in the scuba
Nigga you can't overthrow me like the island of Cuba!
Niggas'll never find your body, like the bitch in Aruba
And I maneuver through the state department and their friends
With secret deals like the Nazis and IBM
And now you know this ain't a trend or a fashion
This is my life and my passion, FUCK tryin to cash in nigga!
I need more than advancements and a rented mansion
So while you little house niggas is singin and dancin
I'll kill you and take your land like an Israeli expansion
{​"Invasion"}​