
Yeah, yeah
Ayo, Black, it's time, word (Word, it's time, man)
It's time, man (Aight, man, begin)
Yeah, straight out the fuckin' dungeons of rap
Where fake niggas don't make it back
I don't know how to start this shit, yo... now

Rappers, I monkey flip 'em with the funky rhythm I be kickin'
Musician inflictin' composition of pain
I'm like Scarface sniffin' cocaine
Holdin' an M16, see with the pen I'm extreme – now
Bullet holes left in my peepholes, I'm suited up in street clothes
Hand me a 9 and I'll defeat foes
Y'all know my steelo, with or without the airplay
I keep some E&J, sittin' bent up in the stairway
Or either on the corner bettin' Grants with the cee-lo champs
Laughin' at baseheads tryna sell some broken amps
G-packs get off quick, forever niggas talk shit
Reminiscin' about the last time the task force flipped
Niggas be runnin' through the block shootin'
Time to start the revolution, catch a body, head for Houston
Once they caught us off-guard, the MAC-10 was in the grass, and
I ran like a cheetah, with thoughts of an assassin
Picked the MAC up, told brothers "Back up!" — the MAC spit
Lead was hittin' niggas, one ran, I made him backflip
Heard a few chicks scream, my arm shook, couldn't look
Gave another squeeze, heard it click "Yo, my shit is stuck!"
Try to cock it, it wouldn't shoot, now I'm in danger
Finally pulled it back and saw
Three bullets caught up in the chamber
So now I'm jettin' to the building lobby
And it was full of children, prob'ly couldn't see as high as I be
(So what you sayin'?) It's like the game ain't the same
Got younger niggas pullin' the triggers, bringin' fame to their name
And claim some corners, crews without guns are goners
In broad daylight, stick-up kids, they run up on us
45's and gauges, MAC's in fact
Same niggas will catch you back-to-back
Snatchin' your cracks in black
There was a snitch on the block gettin' niggas knocked
So hold your stash 'til the coke price drop
I know this crackhead who said she got to smoke nice rock
And if it's good, she'll bring you customers in measuring pots
But yo, you gotta slide on a vacation
Inside information keeps large niggas erasin' and their wives basin'
It drops deep as it does in my breath
I never sleep—'cause sleep is the cousin of death
Beyond the walls of intelligence, life is defined
I think of crime when I'm in a New York state of mind

New York state of mind
New York state of mind
New York state of mind

Be havin' dreams that I'm a gangsta
Drinkin' Moëts, holdin' TEC's
Makin' sure the cash came correct, then I stepped
Investments in stocks, sewin' up the blocks to sell rocks
Winnin' gunfights with mega-cops
But just a nigga walkin' with his finger on the trigger
Make enough figures until my pockets get bigger
I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin'
Give me a Smith & Wesson, I have niggas undressin'
Thinkin' of cash flow, buddha and shelter
Whenever frustrated, I'm a hijack Delta
In the PJ's, my blend tape plays, bullets are strays
Young bitches is grazed, each block is like a maze
Full of black rats trapped plus the Island is packed
From what I hear in all the stories when my peoples come back
Black, I'm livin' where the nights is jet-black
The fiends fight to get crack
I just max, I dream I can sit back
And lamp like Capone, with drug scripts sewn
Or the legal luxury life, rings flooded with stones, holmes
I got so many rhymes, I don't think I'm too sane
Life is parallel to Hell, but I must maintain
And be prosperous, though we live dangerous
Cops could just arrest me, blamin' us: we're held like hostages
It's only right that I was born to use mics
And the stuff that I write is even tougher than dykes
I've taken rappers to a new plateau
Through rap slow, my rhymin' is a vitamin held without a capsule
The smooth criminal on beat breaks
Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes
The city never sleeps, full of villains and creeps
That's where I learned to do my hustle, had to scuffle with freaks
I'm a addict for sneakers
20's of Buddha and bitches with beepers
In the streets I can greet ya, about blunts I teach ya
Inhale deep like the words of my breath
I never sleep—'cause sleep is the cousin of death
I lay puzzle as I backtrack to earlier times
Nothing's equivalent to the New York state of mind

New York state of mind
New York state of mind
New York state of mind
New York state of mind

"Nasty Nas—"
Fuck Jay Z!
(What's up, niggas?
Ayo, I know you ain't talkin' about me, dog
You? What?!)
Fuck Jay Z!
(You been on my dick, nigga
You love my style, nigga)
Fuck Jay Z!

(I) Fuck with your soul like ether
(Will) Teach you – the king – you know you
(Not) God's Son across the belly
(Lose) I prove you lost already

Brace yourself for the main event, y'all impatiently waitin'
It's like an AIDS test, what's the results? Not positive
Who's the best: Pac, Nas and B.I.G.? Ain't no best
East, West, North, South, flossed out, greedy
I embrace y'all with napalm
Blows up, no guts left, chest/face gone
How could Nas be garbage? Semi-autos at your cartilage
Burner at the side of your dome, come out of my throne!
I got this locked since 9-1, I am the truest
Name a rapper that I ain't influenced
Gave y'all chapters, but now I keep my eyes on the Judas
With Hawaiian Sophie fame, kept my name in his music

(I) Fuck with your soul like ether
(Will) Teach you – the king – you know you
(Not) God's Son across the belly
(Lose) I prove you lost already

Ayo, pass me the weed!
Put my ashes out on these niggas, man
Ayo, you faggots, y'all kneel
And kiss the motherfuckin' ring!

(I) Fuck with your soul like ether
(Will) Teach you – the king – you know you
(Not) God's Son across the belly
(Lose) I prove you lost already

I've been fucked over, left for dead, dissed and forgotten
Luck ran out, they hoped that I'd be gone, stiff and rotten
Y'all just piss on me, shit on me, spit on my grave
Talk about me, laugh behind my back, but in my face
Y'all some well-wishers, friendly-acting, envy-hiding snakes
With your hands out for my money, man, how much can I take?
When these streets keep callin', heard it when I was sleep
That this Gay-Z and Cock-a-Fella Records wanted beef
Started cockin' up my weapon, slowly loadin' up this ammo
To explode it on a camel and his soldiers
I can handle this for dolo, and his manuscript just sound stupid
When KRS already made an album called Blueprint (dick!)
First Biggie's your man, then you got the nerve to say
That you better than B.I.G
Dick-suckin' lips, why don't you let the late great veteran live?

I… will… not… lose
God's son across the belly
I prove you lost already
The king is back, where my crown at?
Ill Will, rest in peace!
Let's do it, niggas!

(I) Fuck with your soul like ether
(Will) Teach you – the king – you know you
(Not) God's Son across the belly
(Lose) I prove you lost already

Y'all niggas deal with emotions like bitches
What's sad is I love you, ‘cause you're my brother
You traded your soul for riches
My child, I've watched you grow up to be famous
And now I smile like a proud dad watchin' his only son that made it
You seem to be only concerned with dissin' women
Were you abused as a child?
Scared to smile? They called you ugly?
Well, life is harsh, hug me, don't reject me
Or make records to disrespect me, blatant or indirectly
In '88 you was gettin' chased through your building
Callin' my crib and I ain't even give you my numbers
All I did was give you a style for you to run with
Smilin' in my face, glad to break bread with the God
Wearin' Jaz' chains, no TEC's, no cash, no cars
No jail bars, Jigga, no pies, no case
Just Hawaiian shirts, hangin' with little Chase
You a fan, a phony, a fake, a pussy, a Stan
I still whip yo' ass, you 36 in a karate class?
You Tae-Bo ho, tryna work it out, you tryna get brolic?
Ask me if I'm tryna kick knowledge?
Nah, I'm tryna kick the shit you need to learn though
That ether, that shit that make your soul burn slow
Is he Dame Diddy, Dame Daddy or Dame Dummy?
Oh, I get it, you Biggie and he's Puffy
Rocafella died of AIDS, that was the end of his chapter
And that's the guy y'all chose to name your company after?
Put it together: I rock hoes, y'all rock fellas
And now y'all try to take my spot, fellas
Feel these hot rocks, fellas, put you in a dry spot, fellas
In a pine box with nine shots from my Glock, fellas
Foxy got you hot ‘cause you kept your face in her puss
What you think, you gettin' girls now ‘cause of your looks?
Ne-gro, please! You no-mustache-havin'
With whiskers like a rat, compared to Beans you whack
And your man stabbed Un and made you take the blame
You ass, went from Jaz to hangin' with Kane
To Irv, to B.I.G. – and Eminem murdered you on your own shit
You a dick-ridin' faggot, you love the attention
Queens niggas run you niggas, ask Russell Simmons! Ha!
R-O-C get gunned up and clapped quick
J.J. Evans get gunned up and clapped quick
Your whole damn record label, gunned up and clapped quick
Shawn Carter to Jay-Z – damn, you on Jaz dick!
So little shorty's gettin' gunned up and clapped quick
How much of Biggie's rhymes is gonna come out your fat lips?
Wanted to be on every last one of my classics
You pop shit, apologize, nigga, just ask Kiss!
Ayo, what's up, what's up?
Let's keep it real, son, count this money
You know what I'm sayin'? Yeah, yeah
Ayo, put the Grants over there in the safe
You know what I'm sayin'?
‘Cause we spendin' these Jacksons
The Washingtons go to wifey, you know how that go
I'm sayin' that's what this is all about, right?
Clothes, bankrolls, and hoes
You know what I'm sayin'?
Yo, then what, man, what?!

Visualizin' the realism of life in actuality
Fuck who's the baddest, a person's status depends on salary
And my mentality is money-orientated
I'm destined to live the dream for all my peeps who never made it
‘Cause yeah, we were beginners in the hood as Five Percenters
But somethin' must've got in us, ‘cause all of us turned to sinners
Now some restin' in peace and some are sittin' in San Quentin
Others, such as myself, are tryin' to carry on tradition
Keepin' this Schweppervescent street ghetto essence inside us
'Cause it provides us with the proper insight to guide us
Even though we know, somehow we all gotta go
But as long as we leavin' thievin'
We'll be leavin' with some kind of dough
So, until that day we expire and turn to vapors
Me and my capers will be somewhere stackin' plenty papers
Keepin' it real, packin' steel, gettin' high
‘Cause life's a bitch and then you die

Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high
‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff lye
‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high
‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff lye

I woke up early on my born day; I'm 20, it's a blessin'
The essence of adolescence leaves my body, now I'm fresh and
My physical frame is celebrated ‘cause I made it
One quarter through life, some godly-like thing created
Got rhymes 365 days annual, plus some
Load up the mic and bust one, cuss while I pus from
My skull, ‘cause it's pain in my brain vein, money maintain
Don't go against the grain, simple and plain
When I was young at this I used to do my thing hard
Robbin' foreigners, take they wallets, they jewels and rip they green cards
Dipped to the projects, flashin' my quick cash
And got my first piece of ass, smokin' blunts with hash
Now it's all about cash in abundance
Niggas I used to run with is rich or doin' years in the hundreds
I switched my motto; instead of sayin', "Fuck tomorrow!"
That buck that bought a bottle could've struck the lotto
Once I stood on the block, loose cracks produce stacks
I cooked up and cut small pieces to get my loot back
Time is illmatic, keep static like wool fabric
Pack a 4-matic to crack your whole cabbage

Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high
‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff lye
‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high
‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff lye
‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die
(It's yours)
Whose world is this?
The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(It's yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?

I sip the Dom P, watchin' Gandhi 'til I'm charged, then
Writin' in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin
Behold the mic I'm throbbin', mechanical movement
Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation, react like I'm facin'
Time like Pappy Mason, with pens I'm embracin'
Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
Suede Timbs on my feet makes my cipher complete
Whether cruisin' in a Six cab or Montero Jeep
I can't call it, the beats make me fallin' asleep
I keep fallin', but never fallin' six feet deep
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
I'm out for dead presidents to represent me

Whose world is this?
The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(It's yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?

To my man Ill Will
God bless your life
To my peoples throughout Queens
God bless your life
I trip, we box up crazy bitches
Aimin' guns in all my baby pictures
Beef with housing police, release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's
Yet I'm the mild, money-gettin' style, rollin' foul
The versatile, honey-stickin', wild, golden child
Dwellin' in the Rotten Apple, you get tackled
Or caught by the devil's lasso, shit is a hassle
There's no days for broke days
We sell it, smoke pays, while all the old folks pray
To Jesús, soakin' their sins in trays of holy water
Odds against Nas are slaughter
Thinkin' a word best describin' my life to name my daughter
My strength, my son, the star will be my resurrection
Born in correction, all the wrong shit I did
He'll lead a right direction
How you livin'? Large, a broker charge, cards are mediocre
You flippin' coke or playin' spit, spades, and strip poker?

(It's yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(It's yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
Yo, the world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(It's yours)

Break it down
It's yours, it's yours
It's yours, it's yours

I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down single-handed
For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside, 1,000 miles from home
I need a new nigga for this black cloud to follow
‘Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
Tryin' to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip
Picturin' my peeps not eatin' can make my heartbeat skip
And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up
Even my brain's in handcuffs
Headed for Indiana, stabbin' women like the Phantom
The crew is lampin', Big Willie style
Check the chip-toothed smile, plus I profile wild
Stash loot in fly clothes, burnin' dollars to light my stoge
Walk the blocks with a bop, checkin' dames
Plus the games people play bust the problems of the world today

(It's yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(It's yours)
The world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(It's yours)
Yeah, the world is yours, the world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?
(It's yours)

Yeah, a'ight?
To everybody in Queens, the foundation (It's yours!)
The world is yours
To everybody uptown, yo, the world is yours (It's yours!)
The world is yours
To everybody in Brooklyn
Y'all know the world is yours (It's yours!)
The world is yours
Everybody in Mount Vernon, the world is yours (It's yours!)
Long Island, the world is yours (It's yours!)
Staten Island, yeah, the world is yours (It's yours!)
South Bronx, the world is yours (It's yours!)
Aight
Fake thug, no love, you get the slug CB4 Gusto
Your luck low, I didn't know 'til I was drunk though
You freak niggas played out, get fucked and ate out
Prostitute turned bitch, I got the gauge out
Ninety-six ways I made out, Montana way
The Good-F-E-L-L-A, verbal AK spray
Dipped attache, jump out the Range, empty out the ashtray
A glass of 'ze, make a man Cassius Clay
Red dot plots, murder schemes, thirty-two shotguns
Regulate with my Dunns
Seventeen rocks gleam from one ring
They let me let y'all niggas know one thing
There's one life, one love, so there can only be one King
The highlights of livin', Vegas-style roll dice in linen
Antera spinnin' on Millenniums
Twenty G bets, I'm winnin' 'em; threats I'm sendin' 'em
Lex with TV sets the minimum
Ill sex adrenaline, party with villains
A case of Demi-Sec to chase the Henny
Wet any clique, with the semi TEC—who want it?
Diamonds, I flaunt it, chickenheads flock, I lace 'em
Fried broiled with basil, taste 'em
Crack the legs way out of formation
It's horizontal how I have 'em fuckin' me in the Benz wagon
Can it be Vanity from Last Dragon?
Grab your gun, it's on though
Shit is grimy, real niggas buck in broad daylight
With the broke MAC that won't spray right
Don't give a fuck who they hit as long as the drama's lit
Yo, overnight thugs bug ‘cause they ain't promised shit
Hungry-ass hooligans stay on that piranha shit

I never sleep, ‘cause sleep is the cousin of death
I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin'
I never sleep, ‘cause sleep is the cousin of death
I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin'
I never sleep, ‘cause sleep is the cousin of death
I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin'
I never sleep, ‘cause sleep is the cousin of death
I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin'

I peeped you frontin', I was in the Jeep sunk in the seat
Tinted with heat, beats bumpin'
Across the street you was wildin'
Talkin' about how you ran the Island in '89
Layin' up, playin' the yard with crazy shine
I cocked the baby 9, that nigga gravy mine
Clanked him; what was he thinkin'
On my corner when it's pay-me time?
Dug 'em, you owe me, cousin
Somethin' told me "Plug him!"
So dumb, felt my leg burn, then it got numb
Spun around and shot one
Heard shots and dropped, son, caught a hot one
Somebody take this biscuit 'fore the cops come
Then they came askin' me my name
What the fuck? I got stitched up and went through
Left the hospital that same night, what
Got my gat back, time to backtrack
I had the drop, so how the fuck I get clapped?
Black was in the Jeep, watchin', all he seen speed by
Was a brown Datsun
And yo, nobody in my hood got one
That clown nigga's through, blazin' at his crew daily
The Bridge touched me up severely, hear me?
So when I rhyme it's sincerely yours
Be lightin' L's, sippin' Coors on all floors in project halls
Contemplatin' war niggas I was cool with before
We used to score together, Uptown coppin' the raw
But a thug changes and love changes
And best friends become strangers, word up

Y'all know my steelo
There ain't an army that could strike back
There ain't an army that could strike back
There ain't an army that could strike back
There ain't an army that could strike back

Thug niggas, yo, to them thug niggas
Gettin' it on in the world, you know?
To them niggas that's locked down
Doin' they thing, survivin', yaknowmsayin'?
To my thorough niggas, New York and worldwide
Yo, to the Queensbridge Militia
9-6 shit, The Firm clique
Illmatic, nigga, It Was Written though
It's been a long time comin'
Y'all fake niggas, tryin' to copy
Better come with the real though, fake-ass niggas, yo
(They throw us slugs, we throwin' them back, what)
Bring the shit, man! Live, man!
(Fuck that son, word up) 9-6 shit
It ain't hard to tell, I excel, then prevail
The mic is contacted, I attract clientele
My mic check is life or death, breathin' a sniper's breath
I exhale the yellow smoke of buddha through righteous steps
Deep like The Shining, sparkle like a diamond
Sneak a Uzi on the island in my army jacket linin'
Hit the Earth like a comet—invasion!
Nas is like the Afrocentric Asian: half-man, half-amazin'
‘Cause in my physical I can express through song
Delete stress like Motrin, then extend strong
I drink Moët with Medusa, give her shotguns in Hell
From the spliff that I lift and inhale; it ain't hard to tell

The buddha monk's in your trunk, turn the bass up
Not stories by Aesop
Place your loot up, parties I shoot up
Nas, I analyze, drop a jew-el, inhale from the L
School a fool well, you feel it like Braille
It ain't hard to tell, I kick a skill, like Shaquille holds a pill
Vocabulary spills, I'm Ill plus Matic
I freak beats, slam it, like Iron Sheik
Jam like a TEC with correct techniques
So analyze me, surprise me, but can't magmatize me
Scannin' while you're plannin' ways to sabotage me
I leave 'em froze, like heroin in your nose
Nas will rock well; it ain't hard to tell

This rhythmatic explosion
Is what your frame of mind has chosen
I'll leave your brain stimulated, niggas is frozen
Speak with criminal slang, begin like a violin
End like Leviathan, it's deep; well, let me try again
Wisdom be leakin' out my grapefruit, troop
I dominate break loops, givin' mics men-e-strual cycles
Street's disciple, I rock beats that's mega trifle
And groove even smoother than moves by Villanova
You're still a soldier, I'm like Sly Stone in Cobra
Packin' like a Rasta in the weed spot
Vocals will squeeze Glocks
MCs eavesdrop, though they need not to sneak
My poetry's deep, I never fell
Nas' raps should be locked in a cell; it ain't hard to tell
What up, kid? I know shit is rough doin' your bid
When the cops came you shoulda slid to my crib
Fuck it, black, no time for lookin' back, it's done
Plus, congratulations, you know you got a son
I heard he looks like ya, why don't your lady write ya?
Told her she should visit, that's when she got hyper
Flippin', talkin' about he acts too rough
He didn't listen, he be riffin' while I'm tellin' him stuff
I was like, "Yeah," shorty don't care, she a snake too
Fuckin' with them niggas from that fake crew that hate you
But yo, guess who got shot in the dome-piece?
Jerome's niece, on her way home from Jones Beach
It's bugged, plus little Rob is sellin' drugs on the dime
Hangin' out with young thugs that all carry 9's
And night time is more trife than ever
What up with Cormega? Did you see him? Are y'all together?
If so, then hold the fort down, represent to the fullest
Say what's up to Herb, Ice and Bullet
I left a half a hundred in your commissary
You was my nigga when push came to shove
(One what?) One love!

One love, one love, one love, one love
One love, one love, one love, one love
One love, one love, one love, one love
One love, one love, one love, one love

Dear Born, you'll be out soon, stay strong
Out in New York the same shit is goin' on
The crackheads stalkin', loudmouths is talkin'
Hold, check out the story yesterday when I was walkin'
That nigga you shot last year tried to appear
Like he hurtin' somethin'
Word to mother, I heard him frontin'
And he be pumpin' on your block
Your man gave him your Glock
And now they run together — what up, son? Whatever
Since I'm on the streets I'ma put it to a cease
But I heard you blew a nigga with a ox for the phone piece
Wildin' on the Island, but now in Elmira
Better chill, ‘cause them niggas will put that ass on fire
Last time you wrote you said they tried you in the showers
But maintain, when you come home the corner's ours
On the reals, all these crab niggas know the deal
When we start the revolution all they probably do is squeal
But chill, see you on the next V-I
I gave your mom dukes loot for kicks, plus sent you flicks
Your brother's buckwildin' in 4-Main, he wrote me
He might beat his case, 'til he come home I'll play it lowkey
So stay civilized, time flies
Though incarcerated your mind dies
I hate it when your moms cries
It kinda makes me want to murder, for reala
I even got a mask and gloves to bust slugs, but one love

One love, one love, one love, one love
One love, one love, one love, one love
One love, one love, one love, one love
One love, one love, one love, one love

Sometimes I sit back with a Buddha sack
Mind's in another world, thinkin'
"How can we exist through the facts?"
Written in school text books, bibles, et cetera
Fuck a school lecture, the lies get me vexed-er
So I be ghost from my projects
I take my pen and pad for the weekend
Hittin' L's while I'm sleepin'
A two-day stay, you may say I need the time alone
To relax my dome, no phone, left the 9 at home
You see the streets had me stressed somethin' terrible
Fuckin' with the corners have a nigga up in Bellevue
Or HDM, hit with numbers from 8 to 10
A future in a maximum state pen is grim
So I comes back home, nobody's out but Shorty Doo-Wop
Rollin' two phillies together: in the Bridge we call 'em oo-wops
He said: "Nas, niggas caught me bustin' off the roof
So I wear a bulletproof and pack a black tre-deuce."
He inhaled so deep, shut his eyes like he was sleep
Started coughin', one eye peeked to watch me speak
I sat back like The Mack, my army suit was black
We was chillin' on these benches
Where he pumped his loose cracks
I took the L when he passed it, this little bastard
Keeps me blasted and starts talkin' mad shit
I had to school him, told him don't let niggas fool him
‘Cause when the pistol blows
The one that's murdered be the cool one
Tough luck when niggas are struck, families fucked up
Coulda caught your man, but didn't look when you bucked up
Mistakes happen, so take heed, never bust up
At the crowd, catch him solo, make the right man bleed
Shorty's laugh was cold-blooded as he spoke so foul
Only twelve, tryin' to tell me that he liked my style
Then I rose, wipin' the blunt's ash from my clothes
Then froze, only to blow the herb smoke through my nose
And told my little man I'ma ghost, I broze
Left some jewels in his skull that he can sell if he chose
Words of wisdom from Nas: try to rise up above
Keep an eye out for Jake, Shorty Wop, one love

One love, one love, one love, one love
One love, one love, one love, one love
One love, one love, one love, one love
One love, one love, one love, one love

To all my niggas locked up
From Queensbridge and all over
To my man , one love
To my man , one love
To my man , one love
Can't forget my motherfuckin' heart, Big , one love
To , yeah, one love
Life, I wonder
Will it take me under?
I don't know

Imagine smoking weed in the streets without cops harassin'
Imagine going to court with no trial
Lifestyle cruising blue Bahama waters, no welfare supporters
More conscious of the way we raise our daughters
Days are shorter, nights are colder
Feeling like life is over, these snakes strike like a cobra
The world's hot my son got knocked, evidently
It's elementary, they want us all gone eventually
Trooping out of state for a plate of knowledge
If coke was cooked without the garbage
We'd all have the top dollars
Imagine everybody flashin', fashion, designer clothes
Lacing your clique up with diamond Roles
Your people holding dough, no parole, no rubbers
Go in raw, imagine law with no undercovers
Just some thoughts for the mind
I take a glimpse into time
Watch the blimp read "The World Is Mine"

If I ruled the world (imagine that)
I'd free all my sons, I love 'em love 'em, baby
Black diamonds and pearls
(Could it be, if you could be mine, we'd both shine?)
If I ruled the world
(Still living for today, in these last days and times)

The way to be, paradise like relaxin'
Black, Latino and Anglo-Saxon
Armani Exchange deranged
Cash, Lost Tribe of Shabazz, free at last
Brand new whips to crash, then we laugh in the iller path
The Villa house is for the crew, how we do
Trees for breakfast, dime sexes and Benz stretches
So many years of depression make me vision
The better livin', type of place to raise kids in
Open they eyes to the lies history's told foul
But I'm as wise as the old owl, plus the Gold Child
Seeing things like I was controllin', click rollin'
Tricking six digits on kicks and still holdin'
Trips to Paris, I civilized every savage
Give me one shot, I turn trife life to lavish
Political prisoner set free, stress free
No work release, purple M3's and jet skis
Feel the wind breeze in West Indies
I make Coretta Scott-King mayor the cities
And reverse fiends to Willies
It sounds foul, but every girl I meet'd go downtown
I'd open every cell in Attica, send 'em to Africa

If I ruled the world (imagine that)
I'd free all my sons, I love 'em love 'em, baby
Black diamonds and pearls
(Could it be, if you could be mine, we'd both shine?)
If I ruled the world
(Still living for today, in these last days and times)

And then we'll walk right up to the sun
Hand in hand
We'll walk right up to the sun
We won't land

You'd love to hear the story how the thugs live in worry
Duck down in car seats, heat's mandatory
Running from Jake, getting chased, hunger for papes
These are the breaks, many mistakes go down out of state
Wait, I had to let it marinate, we carry weight
Trying to get laced, flip the ace, stack the safe
Millionaire plan to keep the gat with the cocked hammer
Making moves in Atlanta, back-and-forth scrambler
‘Cause you could have all the chips, be poor or rich
Still nobody want a nigga having shit
If I ruled the world and everything in it, sky's the limit
I push a Q-45 Infinit(i)
It wouldn't be no such thing as jealousies or B Felonies
Strictly living longevity to the destiny
I thought I'd never see, but reality struck
Better find out before your time's out, what the fuck?

If I ruled the world (imagine that)
I'd free all my sons, I love 'em love 'em, baby
Black diamonds and pearls
(Could it be, if you could be mine, we'd both shine?)
If I ruled the world
(Still living for today, in these last days and times)
If I ruled the world, if I ruled, if I ruled (imagine that)
I'd free all my sons, if I ruled, if I ruled
I love 'em love 'em baby
Black diamonds and pearls, black diamonds, black diamonds
(Could it be, if you could be mine, we'd both shine)
If I ruled the world
(Still living for today, in these last days and times)

If I ruled the world, if I ruled
If I ruled, I'd free all my sons
Black diamonds, I love 'em love 'em baby
Black diamonds and pearls, if I ruled
If I ruled the world
If I ruled the world
I love 'em love 'em baby!!
Check it out
I call it, yeah, yeah

For my brothers with daughters, I call this
For my brothers with daughters, I call this
For my brothers with daughters, I call this
For my brothers with daughters

I saw my daughter send a letter to some boy her age
Who locked up, first I regretted it, then caught my rage
Like, how could I not protect her from this awful phase?
Never tried to hide who I was, she was taught and raised
Like a princess, but while I'm on stage I can't leave her defenseless
Plus she's seen me switchin' women, Pops was on some pimp shit
She heard stories of her daddy thuggin'
So if her husband is a gangster, can't be mad, I'll love him
Never, for her I want better, homie in jail – dead that
Wait 'til he come home, you can see where his head's at
Niggas got game, they be tryna live
He seen your Mama crib, plus I'm sure he know who your father is
Although you real, plus a honest kid
Don't think I'm slow, I know you probably had that chronic lit
You seventeen, I got a problem with it
She looked at me like I'm not the cleanest father figure
But she rockin' with it

For my brothers with daughters, I call this
For my brothers with daughters, I call this
Not sayin' that our sons are less important
For my brothers with daughters, I call this
For my brothers with daughters, I call this
Not sayin' that our sons are less important

This morning I got a call, nearly split my wig
This social network said: "Nas, go and get your kid!"
She's on Twitter, I know she ain't gon' post no pic
Of herself underdressed – no inappropriate shit, right?
Her mother cried when she answered
Said she don't know what got inside this child's mind, she planted
A box of condoms on her dresser, then she Instagram'd it
At this point I realized I ain't the strictest parent
I'm too loose, I'm too cool with her
Should've drove more time to school with her
I thought I dropped enough jewels on her
Took her from private school, so she can get a balance
To public school, they're too nurture teen talents
They grow fast, one day she's your little princess
Next day she's talkin' boy business – what is this?
They say the coolest playas and foulest heart breakers in the world
God gets us back, he makes us have precious little girls

For my brothers with daughters, I call this
For my brothers with daughters, I call this
Not sayin' that our sons are less important
For my brothers with daughters, I call this
For my brothers with daughters, I call this
Not sayin' that our sons are less important

And I ain't tryin' to mess your thing up
But I just wanna see you dream up
I finally understand
It ain't easy to raise a girl as a single man
Nah, the way mothers feel for they sons
How fathers feel for they daughters
When he date, he straight, chip off his own papa
When she date, we wait behind the door with a sawed-off
‘Cause we think no one is good enough for our daughters
Love
Represent, represent
Represent, represent
Represent, represent
Represent, represent

Straight up, shit is real
And any day could be your last in the jungle
Get murdered on a humble, guns'll blast, niggas tumble
The corners is the hot spot, full of mad criminals
Who don't care, guzzling beers, we all stare
At the out-of-towners
(Ay, yo, yo, who that?), they better break North
Before we get the four pounders and take their face off
The streets is filled with undercovers
Homicide chasing brothers
The D's on the roof tryin' to watch us and knock us
And killer coppers even come through in helicopters
I drink a little vodka, spark a L and hold a Glock
For the fronters, wannabe ill niggas and spot runners
Thinking it can't happen 'til I trap 'em and clap 'em
And leave 'em done, won't even run about gods
I don't believe in none of that shit, your facts are backwards
Nas is a rebel of the street corner
Pulling a TEC out the dresser; police got me under pressure

Represent, represent
Represent, represent
Represent, represent
Represent, represent

Yo, they call me Nas, I'm not your legal type of fella
Moët drinking, marijuana smoking street dweller
Who's always on the corner, rolling up blessed
When I dress, it's never nothing less than Guess
Cold be walking with a bop and my hat turned back
Love committing sins and my friends sell crack
This nigga raps with a razor, keep it under my tongue
The school drop-out, never liked the shit from day one
‘Cause life ain't shit but stress, fake niggas, and crab stunts
So I guzzle my Hennessy while pulling on mad blunts
The brutalizer, crew de-sizer, accelerator
The type of nigga who be pissing in your elevator
Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game
Used to sport Bally's and Cazals with black frames
Now I'm into fat chains, sex and TECs
Fly new chicks and new kicks, Heines and Beck's

Represent, represent
Represent, represent
Represent, represent

No doubt, see my stacks are fat, this is what it's about
Before the BDP conflict with MC Shan
Around the time when Shante dissed the Real Roxanne
I used to wake up every morning, see my crew on the block
Every day's a different plan that had us running from cops
If it wasn't hanging out in front of cocaine spots
We was at the candy factory, breaking the locks
Nowadays, I need the green in a flash just like the next man
Fuck a yard, God, let me see a hundred grand
Could use a gun, son, but fuck being the wanted man
But if I hit rock bottom then I'ma be the Son of Sam
Then call the crew to get live too, with Swoop
Bokeem, my brother Jungle, Big Bo cooks up the blow
Mike'll chop it; Mayo, you count the profit
My shit is on the streets, this way the Jakes'll never stop it
It's your brain on drugs, to all fly bitches and thugs
'Nuff respect to the projects, I'm ghost, one love

Represent y'all, represent
Represent y'all, represent
Represent y'all, represent
Represent y'all, represent

One time for your mothafuckin' mind
This goes out to everybody in New York
That's living the real fucking life and every projects, all over
To my man Big Will, he's still here
The 40 side of Vernon, my man Big L.E.S
Big Cee-Lo from the Don, Shawn Penn, the 40 busters
My crew the shorty busters, the 41st side of Vernon posse
The Goodfellas, my man Cormega, Lakey the Kid
Can't forget Draws, the Hillbillies
My man Slate, Wallethead, Black Jay, Big Oogie
Crazy barrio spot, (Big Dove), we rock shit a lot, Ph. D
And my man Primo, from Gang Starr
'94 real shit y'all (word up Harry O)
Fuck y'all crab-ass niggas though!

Bitch ass niggas! Bitch ass niggas!
Young bitch ass motherfuckers!
Come to Queensbridge, motherfucker!
Yeah, yeah, let's bring it back
That's just a warm up
‘Cause I can– on anybody, anybody
Where is he, the man who was just like me?
I heard he was hidin' somewhere I can’t see
Where is he, the man who was just like me?
Heard he was hidin' somewhere I can’t see
And I’m alone, and I realize that when I get home
I wanna talk to my red and my cherry
Yes, I’m alone, and I realize when I get home
I wanna talk to my red and my cherry

I want someone who like the champagne I like, my a-alike
Someone to talk me off the bridge any day or night
She teach me how to live, she ain’t afraid of life
Not easily impressed with the rich and famous life
'Cause she done been there and heard all the rumors before
She loves art, she ride out with me on my music tour
She like the herb's natural medicine, she cookin' good
She tell me everything is cool when it ain't lookin' good
For real, the world so ill, yo I want a girl so real
Who not after material wealth but get dough still
Or maybe an educator, a lady with etiquette
Who can be from out the hood or even work for the president
As long as there’s no selfishness
Yes, as long as her love for the people is deep-rooted and evident
You can be easily recruited, you’re heaven-sent
Your smile put me at ease
You’re the woman I need, but where is she?

Where is he, the man who was just like me?
I heard he was hidin' somewhere I can’t see
Where is he, the man who was just like me?
Heard he was hidin' somewhere I can’t see
And I’m alone, and I realize that when I get home
I wanna talk to my red and my cherry
Yes, I’m alone, and I realize when I get home
I wanna talk to my red and my cherry

I hate when people write me hostile texts
On account of my lifestyle’s perception
Invade my personal life out of the question
What are they expectin'? I be tryin' to reply and
They never suppose I get my quiet time in?
They think forever I’m rollin' in dough, swimmin' in a pool of cash
God, wouldn’t they know or am I a fool or ass?
I’m well known, got people comin' at me mad
I had to tell homes, I don’t keep a cell phone, my bad
I drag off the L and try to silence it
The noise in my head, the curse of the talented
Strong communicator, vagabond
I’d gallivant around the equator, if that would get me off the radar
It’s so intense, I’m on my Lilo & Stitch
Pour my Pinot Grigio and Cris with some lime, what is this?
An immaculate version of "Me & My Bitch" by Biggie
With all respect 'cause you the only one that gets me

Where is he, the man who was just like me?
I heard he was hidin' somewhere I can’t see
Where is he, the man who was just like me?
Heard he was hidin' somewhere I can’t see
And I’m alone, and I realize that when I get home
I wanna talk to my red and my cherry
Yes, I’m alone, and I realize when I get home
I wanna talk to my red and my cherry

Yeah, yeah, let’s pour some cherry wine
Everything’s good, everything’s fine
Yeah, yeah, we bring it every time
Yeah, pour a little cherry wine
Yeah, hey yo, Salaam
Yeah, I think they know the time
Everything’s good, everything’s fine
Yeah, pour a little cherry wine, yeah
Life is good, life is good, yeah
Life is good, no matter what, life is good
Life is good, life is good, yeah
No matter what, life is good

Where is he, the man who was just like me?
I heard he was hidin' somewhere I can’t see
Where is he, the man who was just like me?
Heard he was hidin' somewhere I can’t see
And I’m alone, and I realize that when I get home
I wanna talk to my red and my cherry
Yes, I’m alone, and I realize when I get home
I wanna talk to my red and my cherry
Umm, Premo, Nas
Yeah, yeah, yo
("Nas is...", "Nas is..."
"Nas is...", "Nas is..."
"Nas is...", "Nas is...", "Nas is...")

Freedom or jail, clips inserted, a baby's being born
Same time a man is murdered—the beginning and end
As far as rap go, it's only natural I explain
My plateau, and also, what defines my name
First it was Nasty, but times have changed
Ask me now, I'm the artist, but hardcore, my sign is for pain
I spent time in the game, kept my mind on fame
Saw fiends shoot up and do lines of cocaine
Saw my close friends shot, flatline, am I sane?
That depends, carry MAC-10's to practice my aim
On rooftops, tape CD covers to trees
Line the barrel up with your weak picture then squeeze
Street scriptures for lost souls, in the crossroads
To the corner thugs hustling for cars that cost dough
To the big dogs living large, taking in light
Pushing big toys, getting nice, enjoying your life
It's what you make it, suicide, few try to take it
Belt tied around their neck in jail cells naked
Heaven and Hell, rap legend, presence is felt
And of course N-A-S are the letters that spell - NAS, NAS

"Nas is like.. life or death.. I'm a rebel.. "
"My poetry's deep, I never fell.."
"Nas is like.. half-man, half-amazing.."
"No doubt.."
"Nas is like.. life or death.. I'm a rebel.. "
"My poetry's deep, I never fell.."
"Nas is like.. half-man, half-amazing.."
"No doubt.."

"Nas is like…" Earth, Wind & Fire, rims and tires
Bulletproof glass, inside is the realest driver
Planets in orbit, line 'em up with the stars
Tarot cards, you can see the pharaoh Nas
"Nas is like…" Iron Mike, messiah type
Before the Christ, after the death
The last one left, let my cash invest in stock
Came a long way from blasting TEC's on blocks
Went from Seiko to Rolex, owning acres
From the projects with no chips, to large cake dough
Dimes giving fellatio, siete zeros
Bet my 9 spit for the pesos,but what's it all worth?
Can't take it with you under this earth
Rich men died and tried, but none of it worked
They just rob your grave, I'd rather be alive and paid
Before my number's called, history's made
Some'll fall, but I rise, thug or die
Making choices that determine my future under the sky
To rob, steal or kill, I'm wondering why
It's a dirty game, is any man worthy of fame?
Much success to you, even if you wish me the opposite
Sooner or later we'll all see who the prophet is

"Nas is like.. life or death.. I'm a rebel.. "
"My poetry's deep, I never fell.."
"Nas is like.. half-man, half-amazing.."
"No doubt.."
"Nas is like.. life or death.. I'm a rebel.. "
"My poetry's deep, I never fell.."
"Nas is like.. half-man, half-amazing.."
"No doubt.."

"Nas is like…" Sex to a nympho, but nothing sweet
I'm like beef, busting heat through your windows
I'm like a street sweeper, green leaf breather
Like Greeks in Egypt, learning something deep from they teachers
I'm like crime, like your 9, your man you would die for
Always got you, I’m like pop dukes you would cry for
I'm like a whole lot of loot, I'm like crisp money
Corporate accounts from a rich company
I'm like ecstasy for ladies, I'm like all races
Combined in one man; like the '99 Summer Jam
Bulletproof Hummer man
I'm like being locked down around new faces, and none of 'em fam
I'm the feeling of a millionaire spending a hundred grand
I'm a poor man's dream, a thug poet
Live it and I write down and I watch it blow up
Y'all know what I'm like, y'all play it your system every night, now…

"Nas is like.. life or death.. I'm a rebel.. "
"My poetry's deep, I never fell.."
"Nas is like.. half-man, half-amazing.."
"No doubt.."
"Nas is like.. life or death.. I'm a rebel.. "
"My poetry's deep, I never fell.."
"Nas is like.. half-man, half-amazing.."
"No doubt.." "Nas is like.."
One time..
Yeah..
Yeah..

All I need is one mic
One beat, one stage, one nigga front
My face on the front page, only if I
Had one gun, one girl and one crib
One God to show me how to do things his son did, pure
Like a cup of virgin blood, mixed with
151, one sip'll make a nigga flip
Writin' names on my hollow tips, plottin' shit
Mad violence, who I'm gon' body? This hood politics
Acknowledge it, leave bodies chopped up in garbages
Seeds watch us, grow up and try to follow us
Police watch us {*siren*}, roll up and try knockin' us
One knee I ducked, could it be my time is up?
But my luck, I got up, the cop shot again
Bus stop glass bursts, a fiend drops his Heineken
Ricochetin' between the spots that I'm hidin' in
Blackin' out as I shoot back – fuck gettin' hit! {*more sirens*}
This is my hood, I'ma rep to the death of it
'Til everybody come home, little niggas is grown
Hoodrats, don't abortion your womb, we need more warriors soon
Sent from the stars, sun and the moon
In this life of police chases, street sweepers and coppers
Stick-up kids with no conscience, leavin' victims with doctors
IF YOU REALLY THINK YOU READY TO DIE, WITH 9s OUT
THIS IS WHAT NAS IS 'BOUT, NIGGA, THE TIME IS NOW!

Yo, all I need is one mic..
All I need is one mic..
(That's all I need)
All I need is one mic..
(All I need niggas)
All I need is one mic..
(Yeah)

All I need is
One blunt, one page and one pen, one prayer
Tell God forgive me for one sin
Matter of fact, maybe more than one, look back
At all the hatred against me – fuck all of them!
Jesus died at age 33, there's 33 shots
From twin Glocks, there's 16 apiece, that's 32
Which means one of my guns was holdin' 17
27 hit your crew, six went into you
Everybody gotta die sometime, hope your funeral
Never gets shot up, bullets tear through the innocent
Nothin' is fair, niggas roll up, shootin' from wheelchairs
My heart is racin', tastin' revenge in the air
I let this shit slide for too many years, too many times
Now I'm strapped with a couple of MACs, too many 9s
If y'all niggas really with me, get busy, load up the semis
Do more than just hold it, explode the clip until you empty
There's nothin' in our way: they bust, we bust, they rush
We rush, lead flyin', feel it? I feel it in my gut
THAT WE TAKE THESE BITCHES TO WAR, LIE 'EM DOWN
CAUSE WE STRONGER NOW, MY NIGGA, THE TIME IS NOW!

All I need is one mic..
(That's all I need niggas, that's all I need)
All I need is one mic..
(There's nuttin else in the world)
All I need is one mic..
(That's all a nigga need to do his thing y'know)
All I need is one mic..
(This is all I need...)

ALL I NEED IS ONE LIFE, ONE TRY, ONE BREATH, I'M ONE MAN
WHAT I STAND FOR SPEAKS FOR ITSELF, THEY DON'T UNDER-
-STAND, don't wanna see me on top, too egotistical
Talkin' all that slick shit the same way these bitches do
Wonder what my secrets is, niggas'll move on you
Only if they know what your weakness is, I have none
Too late to grab guns, I'm blastin' ‘cause I'm a cool nigga
Thought I wouldn't have that ass done? Fooled you niggas
What you call an infinite brawl, eternal souls clashin'
War gets deep, some beef is everlastin'
Complete with thick scars, brothers knifin' each other up in
Prison yards, drama, where does it start?
You know the block was ill as a youngster, every night it was like a
Cop'll get killed, body found in the dumpster
For real a hustler, purchased my Range, niggas throwin' dirt on my name
Jealous ‘cause fiends got they work and complain
Bitches left me ‘cause they thought I was finished, shoulda knew she wasn't
True, she came to me when her man caught a sentence
Diamonds are blindin', I never make the same mistakes, movin' with a
Change of pace, lighter load, see now the king is straight
Swellin' my melon, ‘cause none of these niggas real
Heard they were tellin' police, how can a kingpin squeal?
This is crazy, I'm on the right track, I'm finally found
You need some soul-searchin', the time is now

All I need is one mic..
(Yeah, yeah yeah yeah)
All I need is one mic..
(That's all I ever needed in this world, fuck cash)
All I need is one mic..
(Fuck the cars, the jewelry)
All I need is one mic..
(To spread my voice to the whole world, baby, uh)
Aight, fuck that shit! Word, word
Fuck that other shit, y'know what I'm sayin'?
We gonna do a lil somethin' like this
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
(Y'all doing that other shit)
Keep it on and on and on and on and
Know'm sayin'? Big Nas, Grand Wizard, what is it?
(It's like…) Haha, you know what I'm sayin'?
Yo, go ahead and rip that shit, dun!

I rap for listeners, bluntheads, fly ladies, and prisoners
Hennessy-holders and old-school niggas, then I be dissin' a
Unofficial that smoke Woolie Thai
I dropped out of Cooley High, gassed up by a cokehead cutie pie
Jungle survivor, fuck who's the live-er
My man put the battery in my back, a difference from Energizer
Sentence begins indented with formality
My duration's infinite, moneywise or physiology
Poetry, that's a part of me, retardedly bop
I drop the ancient manifested hip-hop straight off the block
I reminisce on park jams, my man was shot for his sheep coat
Choco blunts'll make me see him drop in my weed smoke
It's real, grew up in trife life, the times of white lines
The high pipes, murderous night times
And knife fights invite crimes
Chill on the block with Cognac, hold strap
With my peeps that's into drug money market interact
No sign of the beast in the blue Chrysler
I guess that means peace
For niggas, no sheisty vice to just snipe ya
Start off the dice-rollin' mats for craps to cee-lo
With side-bets, I roll a deuce, nothin' below
(Peace God!) Peace God – now the shit is explained
I'm takin' niggas on a trip straight through memory lane
It's like that, y'all…

"Now let me take a trip down memory lane"
"Comin' outta Queensbridge"
"Now let me take a trip down memory lane"
"Comin' outta Queensbridge"
"Now let me take a trip down memory lane"
"Comin' outta Queensbridge"
"Now let me take a trip down memory lane"
"Comin' outta Queensbridge"

One for the money, two for pussy and foreign cars
Three for Alizé, niggas deceased or behind bars
I rap divine, God, check the prognosis: is it real or showbiz?
My window faces shootouts, drug overdoses
Live amongst no roses, only the drama
For real, a nickel-plate is my fate, my medicine is the ganja
Here's my basis, my razor embraces, many faces
You're telephone blown, black, stitches or fat shoelaces
Peoples are petro, dramatic automatic .44 I let blow
And back down po-po when I'm vexed so
My pen taps the paper, then my brain's blank
I see dark streets, hustlin' brothers who keep the same rank
Pumpin' for somethin', some'll prosper, some fail
Judges hangin' niggas, uncorrect bails for direct sales
My intellect prevails from a hangin' cross with nails
I'll reinforce the frail with lyrics that's real
Word to Christ, a disciple of streets, trifle on beats
I decipher prophecies through a mic and say "peace"
I hung around the older crews while they sling smack to dingbats
They spoke of Fat Cat; that nigga's name made bell rings, black
Some fiends scream about Supreme Team, a Jamaica Queens thing
Uptown was Alpo, son, heard he was kingpin
Yo, fuck, rap is real! Watch the herbs stand still
Never talkin' to snakes, ‘cause the words of man kill
True in the game, as long as blood is blue in my veins
I pour my Heineken brew to my deceased crew on memory lane

"Now let me take a trip down memory lane"
"Comin' outta Queensbridge"
"Now let me take a trip down memory lane"
"Comin' outta Queensbridge"

"Comin' out of Queensbridge"
"Comin' out of Queensbridge"
"Comin' out of Queensbridge"
"Comin' out of Queensbridge"
"The most dangerous MC is…"
"Comin' out of Queensbridge"
"The most dangerous MC is…"
"Comin' out of Queensbridge"
"The most dangerous MC is…"
"Comin' out of Queensbridge"
"The most dangerous MC is…"
"Me number one, and you know where me from"
(Right… Right…)
Check me out y'all
Nasty Nas in your area
About to cause mass hysteria

Before a blunt, I take out my fronts
Then I start to front, matter of fact I be on a manhunt
You couldn't catch me in the streets without a ton of reefer
That's like Malcolm X catchin' the Jungle Fever
King poetic, too much flavor, I'm major
Atlanta ain't Brave-r, I'll pull a number like a pager
‘Cause I'm an ace when I face the bass
40-side is the place that is givin' me grace
Now wait, another dose and you might be dead
And I'm a Nike-head, I wear chains that excite the feds
And ain't a damn thing gonna change, I'm a performer, strange
So the mic warmer was born to gain
Nas, why did you do it?
You know you got the mad-phat fluid when you rhyme
It's halftime

(Right…) It's halftime
(Right…) Ayo it's halftime
(Right…) It's halftime
(Right…) Yeah, it's about halftime
This is how it feel, check it out, how it feel

It's like that, you know it's like that
I got it hemmed, now you never get the mic back
When I attack, there ain't a army that could strike back
So I react never calmly on a hype track
I set it off with my own rhyme
‘Cause I'm as ill as a convict who kills for phone time
I'm max like cassettes, I flex like sex
In your stereo sets, Nas'll catch wreck
I used to hustle, now all I do is relax and strive
When I was young I was a fan of the Jackson 5
I drop jewels, wear jewels, hope to never run it
With more kicks than a baby in a mother's stomach
Nasty Nas has to rise ‘cause I'm wise
This is exercise 'til the microphone dies
Back in '83 I was an MC sparkin'
But I was too scared to grab the mics in the parks and
Kick my little raps ‘cause I thought niggas wouldn't understand
And now in every jam I'm the fuckin' man
I rap in front of more niggas than in the slave ships
I used to watch "CHiPs", now I load Glock clips
I got to have it, I miss Mr. Magic
Versatile, my style switches like a faggot
But not bisexual, I'm an intellectual
Of rap I'm a professional, and that's no question yo
These are the lyrics of the man, you can't near it, understand?
‘Cause in the streets I'm well-known like the number man
Am I in place with the bass and format?
Explore rap and tell me, "Nas ain't all that."
And next time I rhyme, I be foul
Whenever I freestyle I see trial, niggas say I'm wild
I hate a rhyme-biter's rhyme
Stay tuned, I assume, the real rap comes at halftime

(Right…) It's halftime
(Right…) Exhale, check it, it's halftime
(Right…) It's halftime
(Right…) It's real in the field
Word life, check it

I got it goin' on, even flip a morning song
Every afternoon, I kick half the tune
And in the darkness I'm heartless like when the NARC's hit
Word to Marcus Garvey, I hardly sparked it
‘Cause when I blast the herb, that's my word
I be slayin' them fast, doin' this that and the third
But chill, pass the Andre, and let's slay
I bag bitches up at John Jay and hit a matinee
Puttin' hits on 5-0
‘Cause when it's my time to go, I wait for God with the .44
And biters can't come near
And yo, go to hell to the foul cop who shot Garcia
I won't plant seeds, don't need an extra mouth I can't feed
That's extra Phillie change, more cash for damp weed
This goes out to Manhattan, the island of Staten
Brooklyn and Queens is livin' fat and
The Boogie Down, enough props, enough clout
Ill Will, rest in peace, yo I'm out

(Right…) It's still halftime
(Right…) To the Queensbridge crew
To the Queensbridge crew, you know it's halftime
(Right…) Ninety-two, it's halftime
(Right…) Yo police, police man, yo let's get ghost
Halftime…
Freedom or jail, clips inserted
A baby's being born same time a man is murdered
The beginning and end, as far as rap goes
It's only natural, I explain my plateau
And also what defines my name

Yeah, long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible
Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin
No I.D. my mentor now let the story begin

I ain't mad at you, young king, this unsung song is haunting
Along comes a one son called a offspring
The Earth spins, my Old Earth grin, sung a church hymn
She birthed in September, took my first wind, again, the Earth spins
I jumped in my first Benz, fled out, lead out
Screams got in the game and took bread out
The nerve of these niggas, weak flow, yo Cole let's murder this sequel
Freedom or jail from Fayetteville to QB though
Cause back when I was young there was massive niggas
But I passed them niggas, just being nasty nigga
Military hat, fatigue pants sagging, Henny'd up
Execs asking will he live to see his own release date happen
Straight off the corner with the armor, arm and hammer
But I had a appeal, I was a charmer
Yet still being my mama's son was my biggest honor
This shit was just kinda just a hobby in my project lobby
We was trying to be the Queensbridge Cosby's
But the street life robbed me of that, so I had to put it in raps
And who could I ask for help? Older niggas was getting mad
But that's the gift and the curse, that's the good and the bad
At least you got Jay, but he already one of the greats
And it's hard for the great to tell somebody how to be great
Nigga I tried and niggas threw that shit right back in my face
They took my cosign, but they ain't let me EP their tapes
And when they joint tanked, that's when they point blame
So point blank, young Cole, you won't be the same
The first album freedoms and them fourth album pressures
A big difference between 'em but I get why you said it
Radio records are needed, I just wanted it to bring the warning
Global warming to that cold world you was breathing
That's some advice I never got
If I don't sell another record, I'll just steady rock
While you was writing down my rhymes I was just tryna show you
That if you say what's on ya mind, you can stand the test of time
Now I'm playing Born Sinner loud, saw you live, rock the crowd
Like wow, you made your nigga Nas proud

So you ain't let Nas down
It's just part of the game, becoming a rap king, my nigga
You ain't let Nas down
How that sound? Here the crown, pass it to you like nothing, nigga
You ain't let Nas down

Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals
Slick Rick was like Jesus, G Rap wrote the Bible
Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin
Large Professor's my mentor, that's how the story end
He's the heartbeat of the people
The ghetto people, and when I say ghetto people
The people who cannot afford to go to big concert
Some of these people do not even have TV, so they can't afford cable
Some of them can afford a radio
So the only thing they can listen to is the music
People the ghetto, people from the projects, street people
Hortical ghetto youth who know what it is to sing about suffering and reality

New York girl, dem a mad over we
New York girl, dem a mad over we
New York girl, dem a mad over we
New York girl, dem a mad over we

Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don
Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don, dance
Inna New York City-city, New York City-city (YEAH!)
(YEAH!) New York City-city, New York City-city

Smoking a escubano, guzzle my second bottle
Hope I don't catch a homo
Grossing our net, simultaneously making me climb higher
Heinous crimes behind me, search but can't find me, fuck sadness
Had this been you having this lavish
Habitual happiness at me you wouldn’t look backwards
You would have sex on condominium roof decks
So anyone move next, I'll hit you with two TECs
Rocking Roberto Cavalli, no shirt on, convertible Mazi
My Colombiana mommy riding beside me
Every tat mean something, that’s my word on my body
I’ll have to lean something with that Mossberg shotty
My niggas is ignant, put lead in your pigment
Just cause y'all was mad at all the years I was getting it
In '97 the six, '98 the Bentley
Now it’s the Ghost Phantom, and y'all can't stand him but

Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don
Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don, dance
Inna New York City-city, New York City-city
New York City-city, New York City-city (yeah)

Army jacket swag, army jacket green and black
With the square top pocket that snaps
Where the gas at?
Pass that, not you, you hold cracks in your asscrack
I never did that, my sock's where my stash was at
Yo, I used to listen to that Red Alert and Rap Attack
I fell in love with all that poetry I mastered that
Cutting school where Preme team and Fat Cat was at
Future not crystal clear yet, Baccarat
Now I'm the one who repping Queens
Way beyond your wildest dreams
Bottles on bottles with sparklers surround my team
That long cash get the baddest bitches out they jeans
Twenty years in this game, looking seventeen
I don't lean: no codeine, promethazine
I just blow green, pick which bitch to bless the king
Although he’s on to another chapter
Heavy D gave this beat to Salaam for me to rap to, raaaahhh

Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don
Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don, dance
Inna New York City-city, New York City-city
New York City-city, New York City-city

Yeah, yeah
New York is like an Island, a big Rikers Island
The cops be out wilding, all I hear is sirens
It's all about surviving
Same old two-step, try to stay alive when they be out robbing
I been out rhyming since born knowledge
Like prophet Muhammad said the ink from a scholar
Worth more than the blood of a martyr, so I'ma
Keep it on 'til I see a billion dollars
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer
Love model chocha, mommy pop it like she 'pose to
Eyes red shot like I'm never sober
Big time smoker, Indonesian doja
Mini me's you can hold up
Before you end up wet up from my soldier
Don shit, under fire I remain on some calm shit
This for every ghetto in the hood
Nas the Don, Super Cat the Don Dada, understood

Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don
Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don, dance
Inna New York City-city, New York City-city
New York City-city, New York City-city, New York...
This is what, this what they want, huh?
This is what it's all about?
Time to take Affirmative Action, son
They just don't understand, you kna'mean?
Niggas comin' sideways, thinkin' stuff is sweet, man
Niggas don't understand the four devils
Lust, envy, hate, jealousy—wicked niggas, man

Yo, sit back, relax, catch your contact
Sip your con-gi-ac
And let's all wash this money through this laundromat
Sneak attack the new cats in rap, worth top dollar
In fact, touch mines and I'll react like a Rottweiler
Who could relate? We play for high stakes at gunpoint
Catch 'em and break, undress 'em
Tie 'em with tape, no escape
The Corleone, fettuccine Capone
Roam in your own zone
Or get kidnapped and clapped in your dome
We got it sewn, The Firm art of war is unknown
Lower your tone, face it, homicide cases get blown
Aristocrats, politickin' daily with diplomats
See me, I'm an official mack, Lex Coupe triple black

Criminal thoughts in the blue Porsche
My destiny's to be the new boss
That nigga Paulie gotta die, he too soft
That nigga's dead on, a ki of heroin
They found his head on the couch
With his dick in his mouth; I put the hit out
Yo, the smoothest killer since Bugsy
Bitches love me, and Queens where my drugs be
I wear Guess jeans and rugbies
Yo, my people from Medina, they will see ya
When you re-up, bring your heater
All your cream go between us
Real shit, my Desert Eagle got a ill grip
I chill with niggas that hit Dominican spots and steal bricks
My red beam made a dread scream and sprayed a fed team
Corleone be turnin' niggas to fiends
Yukons and ninja black Lexus
Mega the pretty boy, with mafia connections
It's The Firm, nigga, set it

Yo, my mind is seeing through your design like Blind Fury
I shine jewelry, sippin' on crushed grapes, we lust papes
And push cakes inside the casket at Just wake
It's sickenin', he just finished bidding upstate
And now the projects is talking that somebody-gotta-die shit
It's logic as long as it's nobody that's in my clique
My man Smoke know how to expand coke in Mr. Coffee
Feds cost me two mill' to get the system off me
Life's a bitch, but God forbid the bitch divorce me
I'll be flooded with ice, so hell fire can't scorch me
Cuban cigars meeting Foxy at the Mosque
Moving cars, your top papi Señor Escobar

In the black Camaro
Firm deep, all my niggas hail the blackest sparrow
Wallabee's be the apparel
Through the darkest tunnel
I got visions of multi millions in the biggest bundle
In the Lex pushed by my nigga Jungle
E Money bags got Moët Chandon
Bundle of sixty-two
They ain't got a clue what we about to do
My whole team, we shittin' hard like Czar
Sosa, Foxy Brown, Cormega and Escobar
I keep a fat marquess piece, laced in all the illest snake skin
Armani sweaters, Carolina Herrera
Be The Firm, baby, from BK to the Bridge, my nigga Wiz
Operation Firm Biz, so what the deal is?
I keep a phat jew-el, sippin' Crist-ies
Sittin' on top of fifty grand in the Nautica Van
We stay incogni' like all them thug niggas in Marcy
The gods, they praise Allah with visions of Gandhi
Bet it on my whole crew is Don Juan
On Cayman Island with a case of Cristal
And Baba Shallah spoke
Nigga with them Cubans that snort coke
Raw though, an ounce mixed with leak, that's pure though
Flippin' the bigger picture
The bigger nigga with the cheddar was mad dripper
He had a fuckin' villa in Manilla
We got to flee to Panama, but wait, it's half-and-half
Ki's is one and two-fifth, so how we flip?
32 grams raw, chop it in half, get 16
Double it times three, we got 48
Which mean a whole lot of cream
Divide the profit by four
Subtract it by eight, we back to 16
Now add the other two that 'Mega bringing through
So let's see, if we flip this other ki
Then that's more for me, mad coke and mad leak
Plus a five hundred cut in half is two-fifty
Now triple that times three
We got three quarters of another ki

The Firm, baby, volume one
I know I can
Be what I wanna be
If I work hard at it
I'll be where I wanna be
I know I can (I know I can!)
Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!)
If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!)
I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)

Be, b-boys and girls, listen up
You can be anything in the world, in God we trust
An architect, doctor, maybe an actress
But nothing comes easy, it takes much practice
Like, I met a woman who's becoming a star
She was very beautiful, leaving people in awe
Singing songs, Lena Horne, but the younger version
Hung with the wrong person, got her strung on that heroin
Cocaine, sniffing up drugs, all in her nose
Could've died, so young, now looks ugly and old
No fun 'cause when she reaches for hugs, people hold their breath
'Cause she smells of corrosion and death
Watch the company you keep and the crowd you bring
'Cause they came to do drugs and you came to sing
So if you gonna be the best, I'ma tell you how
Put your hands in the air, and take the vow

I know I can (I know I can!)
Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!)
If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!)
I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)
I know I can (I know I can!)
Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!)
If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!)
I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)

Be, b-boys and girls, listen again
This is for grown-looking girls who's only 10
The ones who watch videos and do what they see
As cute as can be, up in the club with fake ID
Careful, 'fore you meet a man with HIV
You can host the TV like Oprah Winfrey
Whatever you decide, be careful, some men be
Rapists, so act your age, don't pretend to be
Older than you are, give yourself time to grow
You thinking he can give you wealth, but so
Young boys, you can use a lot of help, you know
You thinking life's all about smoking weed and ice
You don't wanna be my age and can't read and write
Begging different women for a place to sleep at night
Smart boys turn to men and do whatever they wish
If you believe you can achieve, then say it like this

I know I can (I know I can!)
Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!)
If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!)
I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)
Now, go…
I know I can (I know I can!)
Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!)
If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!)
I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)

Be, be-fore we came to this country
We were kings and queens, never porch monkeys
There was empires in Africa called Kush
Timbuktu, where every race came to get books
To learn from black teachers who taught Greeks and Romans
Asian Arabs and gave them gold, when
Gold was converted to money it all changed
Money then became empowerment for Europeans
The Persian military invaded
They heard about the gold, the teachings, and everything sacred
Africa was almost robbed naked
Slavery was money, so they began making slave ships
Egypt was the place that Alexander the Great went
He was so shocked at the mountains with black faces
Shot up they nose to impose what basically
Still goes on today, you see?
If the truth is told, the youth can grow
They learn to survive until they gain control
Nobody says you have to be gangstas, hoes
Read more, learn more, change the globe
Ghetto children, do your thing
Hold your head up, little man, you're a king
Young Princess when you get your wedding ring
Your man is saying "She's my Queen"

I know I can (I know I can!)
Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!)
If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!)
I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)
I know I can (I know I can!)
Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!)
If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!)
I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)

Save the music, y'all
Save the music, y'all
Save the music, y'all
Save the music, y'all
Save the music
Escobar Season has returned
It's been a long time, been a long time comin'
It's life or death for me now
But you know, there's no turnin' back now
This is what makes me, this is what I am
Feel me? Let's go

You can hate me now, (Q.B.)
But I won't stop now (Real niggas)
'Cause I can't stop now, (Bravehearts)
You can hate me now (C'mon)
But I won't stop now
'Cause I can't stop now
You can hate me now
You can hate me now

Well, you hate me, I'm gon' hate you too
It's as simple as that
Die motherfucker, die motherfucker, die!
You don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
Go down any way you want it to go down (do it now)
Weak, jealous motherfuckers! (do it now, do it now)
Fuck y'all!

Don't hate me, hate the money I see, clothes that I buy
Ice that I wear, flows that I try
Close your eyes, picture me rollin', Sixes, money foldin'
Bitches, honeys that swollen to riches, Nas get in ya
Most critically acclaimed Pulitzer Prize winner
Best storyteller, thug narrator, my style's greater
Model dater, big threat to a lot of you haters
Commentators ringside try watchin' my paper
Almost a decade, quite impressive
Most of the best is in the essence for this rap shit that I stand for
Expandin' more to the big screen, Bill Gates dreams
But it seems you'd rather see me in jail with state greens
Want me off the scene fast, but good things last
Like your favorite MC still makin' some mean cash
First rapper to bring a platinum plaque back to the projects
But you still wanna hate, be my guest, I suggest

Money is power, motherfucker!
I got millions of thugs on salary, bitch!

You can hate me now, (I won't stop)
But I won't stop now (I can't stop)
'Cause I can't stop now, (You can hate me)
You can hate me now (I hate you too)
But I won't stop now (You can hate me now)
'Cause I can't stop now (You can hate me now)
You can hate me now
You can hate me now

Do it now! I told you, do it now!
Let's go

You wanna hate me, then hate me; what can I do
But keep gettin' money? Funny, I was just like you
I had to hustle hard, never give up, until I made it
Now y'all sayin': "That's a clever nigga, nothin' to play with."
Hate on me, I blew but I'm the same O.G.
People warn me, when you're on top there's envy
Took my niggas out the hood, but you doubt on us
Sayin' we left the hood but can't get it out of us
My bad, should I step out my shoes, give 'em to you?
Here's my cars and my house, you can live in that too
Criticize when I flow for the streets, hate my dress code
Gucci this, Fendi that – what you expect, ho?
Nickname Esco, took this game to its threshold
Best flow, I bet the whole U.S. know
Try to make it like you the realest, but who the illest?
Think we all know the answer to that, 'cause niggas feel this, right?

You think I'ma come this far
And let you niggas stop me now?
I hate you too!

You can hate me now, (I won't stop)
But I won't stop now (I can't stop)
'Cause I can't stop now, (You can hate me)
You can hate me now (I hate you too)
But I won't stop now (You can hate me now)
'Cause I can't stop now (You can hate me now)
You can hate me now
You can hate me now

I like this, I like the way this feels

It's a thin line between paper and hate
Friends and snakes, nine milli's and thirty-eights
Hell or the Pearly Gates; I was destined to come
Predicted, blame God, he blew breath in my lungs
Second to none, wicked turn wives to widows
Shoot through satin pillows, the desolate one
Took a little time to claim my spot
Chairman of the board until this game stop, and I side with the Lord
Ride for the cause while drivin' niggas shot at my doors
Plottin' I'm sure, to catch me with they Glocks to my jaws
Tried stickin' me up, but I flipped on these ducks
Instead of me, ambulances were pickin' them up
Niggas fear what they don't understand
Hate what they can't conquer, guess it's just the theory of man
Became a monster, on top of the world, never fallin'
I'm as real as they come, from day one, forever ballin', c'mon!

You ain't never seen a nigga like me ever in your life
And that's what you can't understand!

You can hate me now, (I won't stop)
But I won't stop now (I can't stop)
'Cause I can't stop now, (You can hate me)
You can hate me now (I hate you too)
But I won't stop now (You can hate me now)
'Cause I can't stop now (You can hate me now)
You can hate me now
You can hate me now

You can hate me now, (C'mon, niggas!)
But I won't stop now (Do it now! Get this shit over with!)
It ain't gon' never stop, niggas!
I guess you knew and blew a good thing, baby

Bye baby, I guess you knew why I walked away
When we walked to the altar, that was an awesome day
Did counselling, couldn't force me to stay
Something happens when you say I do, we go astray
Why did we mess it up? We was friends, we had it all
Reason you don't trust men, that was your daddy fault
He in the grave – let it go, he no longer living
Said you caught him cheating with mom, fucking other women
Fuck that gotta do with us? Here's the keys to the newest truck
Birkin bags, we burning cash, now baby, do it up
No matter who you fuck, that was before me
Wanted you as my shorty since before I saw you screaming
"Hate you so much right now"
Should've saw the meaning, angry black woman
Actions of a demon, I'm leaving

I guess you knew and blew a good thing, baby (Bye baby)
You know I'm saying bye-bye (Bye-bye baby)
'Cause I'm saying bye-bye (Bye baby)
'Cause I'm saying bye-bye
I guess you knew and blew a good thing, baby

Bye baby, I guess you know why I had to leave
Seven months in your pregnancy, 'bout to have my seed
Let's take it back some years, rewind it to the happy years
You and your Star Trak fam, I'm thinking you cats are weird
Same time, different year, I was digging y'all flow
Then I tatted you on my arm so niggas would know
I thought no one could stop us, matching gold watches
I was your Johnny Depp, you was my Janis Joplin
Yet the cuter version, yet I knew you personally
Better than you knew yourself – and I knew this for certain
Crib in the Dominican, you got away from everybody
You screaming at the racist cops in Miami was probably
The highlight of my life, like "Ha, yo, look at my wife!"
Gangsta, me and 20 cops 'bout to fight, crazy night
Bailed you out, next morning we got clean
Like it never happened, and later we at that Heat game
Just another day in the life of two people in love
But it wasn't enough, so baby, guess what...

I guess you knew and blew a good thing, baby (Bye baby)
OH! OH! AHHHHHHHH! Bye-bye (Bye-bye baby)
I can't believe that this is happening to us
'Cause I'm saying bye-bye (Bye baby)
'Cause I'm saying bye-bye
I guess you knew and blew a good thing, baby

Listen, could you imagine writing your deposition
Divorce lawyer telling you how this thing gonna be ending?
With you paying out the ass and I'm talking half
Not some, but half, no, serious, half
Half of your soul, half of your heart, you leaving behind
It’s either that or die, I wanted peace of mind
And all I seen was selfish cowards
Under their breath, saying, "Why did Nas trust her?"
But look at yourself! Speak louder, bruh!
You live with your baby moms
And scared to make an honest woman out of her
And make her your bride, fake pimps, you ain't even alive
At least I can say I tried plus enjoyed the ride
Plus we got our little boy, my little joy and pride
He got my nose, my grill, your color, your eyes
Next go round I hope I pick the truest type
And watch me do it all again – it’s a beautiful life, aight?
Goodbye!

(Bye baby) Baby.. baby
You know I'm saying bye-bye (Bye-bye baby)
I can't believe that this is happening to us
'Cause I'm saying bye-bye (Bye baby)
I guess you knew and blew a good thing
You know I'm saying bye-bye
I guess you knew and blew a good thing, baby

'Til we make love just one more time
Make it seem forever
This is our last and final goodbye
Goodbye
Bravehearts, Bravehearts, Bravehearts…

Now let's get it all in perspective
For all y'all enjoyment, a song y'all can step with
Y'all appointed me to bring rap justice
But I ain't five-O, y'all know it's Nas, yo
Grey Goose and a whole lot of hydro
Only describe us as soldier survivors
Stay laced in the best, well-dressed
With finesse in a white tee, lookin' for wifey
Thug girl who fly and talks so nicely
Put her in the coupe so she can feel the nice breeze
We can drive through the city, no doubt
But don't say my car's topless, say the titties is out
Newness, here's the anthem
Put your hand up that you shoot with, count your loot with
Push the pool stick in your new crib
Same hand that you hoop with, swing around like you stupid
King of the town? Yeah, I been that
You know I click-clack — where you and your mens at?
Do the Smurf, do the Wop, Baseball Bat
Rooftop like we bringin' '88 back

They shootin'! Aw, made you look
You a slave to a page in my rhyme book
Gettin' big money, playboy, your time's up
Where them gangstas? Where them dimes at?
They shootin'! Aw, made you look
You a slave to a page in my rhyme book
Gettin' big money, playboy, your time's up
Where them gangstas at? Where them dimes at?

This ain't rappin', this is Street Hop
Now get up off yo' ass like your seat's hot
My live niggas lit up the reefer
Trunk of the car, we got the streetsweeper
Don't start none, won't be none
No reason for your mans to panic
You don't wanna see no ambulances
Knock a pimp's drink down in his pimp cup
That's the way you get Timberland'd up
Let the music diffuse all the tension
Baller convention, free admission
Hustlers, dealers and killers can move swift
Girls get close, you can feel where the tool's kept
All my just-comin' homies, parolees
Get money, leave the beef alone slowly
Get out my face, you people so phony
Pull out my waist, the Eagle four-forty

They shootin'! Aw, made you look
You a slave to a page in my rhyme book
Gettin' big money, playboy, your time's up
Where them gangstas? Where them dimes at?
They shootin'! Aw, made you look
You a slave to a page in my rhyme book
Gettin' big money, playboy, your time's up
Where them gangstas at? Where them dimes at?

I see niggas runnin', yo, my mood is real rude
I lay you out, show you what steel do
Mobsters don't box, my pump shot obliges
Every invitation to fight you punk-asses
Like Pun said: you ain't even en mi clasa
Maybach Benz, back seat, TV plasma
Ladies lookin' for athletes or rappers
Whatever you choose, whatever you do
Make sure he a thug and intelligent too
Like a real thoroughbred is
Show me love, let me feel how the head is
Females who's the sexiest is always the nastiest

And I like a little sassiness
A lot of class; Mami, reach in your bag, pass the fifth
I'm a leader at last, this a don you with
My 9's will spit, niggas lose consciousness
(Y'all ready for Nas?
Queensbridge, y'all ready to see Nasty Nas?
Uh huh, they ready)
Yeah, word
Got some Rémy Martin
And some good-ass cigars, check it out

Ayo, late night, candlelight, fiend with diesel in his needle
Queensbridge leader, no equal
I come from the Wheel of Ezekiel
To pop thousand-dollar bottles of Scotch
Smoke pot and heal the people
Any rebuttal to what I utter get box-cutter'd
Count how many bad honeys I slut, it's a high number
Name a nigga under the same sky that I'm under
Who gets money, remain fly, yeah, I wonder
Eyes flutter, it's love when Nas pops up
Stars get starstruck, panties start drippin'
The ways of Carlito, blaze, torpedo cigars
Drop Rolls, hoes drop clothes
Louis the XIII, freaks, women nice size
I ride like Porsches, thick, brown and gorgeous
It ain't my fault, semi-automatic weapons I brought
The world crazy, I'm rich and I'm girl-crazy
Dick 'em, convince ‘em all to praise me
They ideology is confusion, I lose 'em
Fellates me, who hate me? My gun off safety
Since the Tunnel and Skate Key, my jewelry in HD

Silent rage, pristine in my vintage shades
I'm not in the winters of my life or the beginning stage
I am the dragon
Maserati, pumpin' Biggie, the great legend
Blastin', I'm after the actress who played Faith Evans
My little Jackie Onassis, dig?
I'm so high I never land like Mike Jackson's crib
Vest on, .45 still crack ya rib, sacrilege
Talk trash 'bout the Nasty kid
Past nasty now, I'm gross and repulsive
Talk money, is you jokin'?
Cash everywhere, in my bank, in the sofa
In the walls, in the cars, in my wallet, in my pocket
On the floors, ceilings, the safe, bitch, I got it
You envy, but don't offend me
I'm skinny, but still I'm too big for a Bentley
You are your car, what could represent me?
Too Godly to be a Bugatti, you honestly
Must design me somethin' Tommy Mottonic from Queens had before the 90's
Drug dealer car, rush to the bar
Move, niggas! We don't give a fuck who you are
Black card heavy like a magnet in my stitched denims
Pretty women see them saggin'
Bet a hundred stacks niggas'll run it back
Just havin' fun, I ain't even begun to black
Light another blunt in fact, haha...

(Nasty) Nasty kid
(Nasty) Yeah...
(Nasty) The kid! (Nasty) Yeah...
(Nasty) Nasty kid (Nasty)

For the hustlers, thick as yellow bitches for the suck of it
Got a bunch of niggas in prison braggin'
Saying, "It was Nas I used to hustle with"
I display fashions while my lungs engage hashish
Guns on my waist, past this
Since I'm cakin' up, put funds in my safe, laughin'
And joinin' the blunt passin' you niggas was straight assin'
Excuse the vulgarity, I'm still not fully adjusted
Or used to the new fans hearin' me spit rapidly
I never see the whips niggas be claimin' they drivin'
I guess entertainment means blatantly lyin'
Fake it 'til you make it, I've driven those toys
Been in them wars, in the streets, cops kickin' in doors
For my team nigga, your flow cheap as limousine liquor
I’m no fake rap CD listener, sit back and roll a mean swisher
For my G's, tell these clowns make room for the king, nigga
One time for your mind, one time
Yeah, whatever
One time for your mind, one time
Yo, whatever
One time for your mind, one time
Hey yo, Nas? Kick that fuckin' rhyme!

Check it out, when I'm chilling, I grab the buddha
Get my crew to buy beers
And watch a flick, illin' and root for the villain, huh
Plus every morning, I go out and love it sort of chilly
Then I send a shorty from my block to the store for Phillies
After being blessed by the herb's essence
I'm back to my rest, ten minutes, some odd seconds
That's where I got the honey at, spends the night for sexin'
Keep lubrication, Lifestyle protection
Hitting up my stereo's remote control quickly
Ron G's in the cassette deck, rocking the shit, G
I try to stay mellow, rock, well a cappella rhymes'll
Make me richer than a slipper made Cinderella, fella
Go get your crew, Hobbes, I'm prepared to bomb troops
Y'all niggas was born, I shot my way out my mom dukes
When I was ten I was a hip-hoppin' shorty wop
Known for rocking microphones and twisting off a 40 top

One time for your mind, one time
Yeah, whatever
One time for your mind, one time
It sounds clever
Hey yo, Nas? Fuck that, man, that shit is phat
But kick that for them gangstas; fuck all that!
Right, right

What up, niggas, how y'all? It's Nasty, the villain
I'm still writing rhymes, but besides that I'm chillin'
I'm tryin' to get this money, God
You know the hard times, kid
Shit, cold, be starving make you wanna do crimes kid
But I'ma lamp, ‘cause a crime couldn't beat a rhyme
Niggas catching 3 to 9's, Muslims yelling "Free the mind"
And I'm from Queensbridge, been to many places
As a kid when I would say that out of town, niggas chased us
But now I know the time, got a older mind
Plus control a 9, fine, see now I represent mine
I'm new on the rap scene, brothers never heard of me
Yet I'm a menace, yo, police wanna murder me
Heini Dark drinker, represent the thinker
My pen rides the paper, it even has blinkers
Think I'll dim the lights, then inhale, it stimulates
Floating like I'm on the North 95 Interstate
Never plan to stop, when I write my hand is hot
And expand a lot from the Wiz to Camelot
The parlayer, I'll make your heads bop, pa
I shine a light on perpetrators, like a cop's car
From day to night, I play the mic and you'll thank God
I wreck shit so much, the microphone'll need a paint job
My brain is incarcerated
Live at any jam, I couldn't count all the parks I've raided
I hold a MAC-11, and attack a reverend
I contact eleven L's and max in heaven

One time for your mind, one time
It sounds clever
One time for your mind, one time
Yeah, whatever
One time for your mind, one time
Yo, from '92 to '99

Yeah, that shit was crazy fat, pa
Know what I’m sayin'?
But check it, you got another verse for me
I want you to kick it, you know what I'm sayin'?
Kick that shit for the projects
You'll live, and you'll learn
See 'cause you've never been the same as anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else
You'll love, and you'll learn
See you'll never conclude with anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else

If I had everything, everything
I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah

Dark boy, don't you cry
There's too much life left in those eyes
Don't you let that face go waterfall
Don't you learn to love your scars and all
Dark boy, don't you die
They're just human, let them lie
You just know your world and speak your truth
Let them come to you
For you'll love, in your heart
See cause you've never been the same as anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else
This is your call, there are no wrongs
See you'll never conclude with anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else

If I had everything, everything
I could change anything, I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah

When the media slings mud, we use it to build huts
Irrefutable facts, merciful, beautiful black
Beloved brother, you fail to embarrass him, harassin' him
To my life, your life pales in comparison
So go write whatever blog, messiness is not ever the God
Do what's necessary, I'm never worried
Listen vultures, I've been shackled by Western culture
You convinced most of my people to live off emotion
That's why we competin'
Death by the chrome barrel, forgot the secrets
My Kilimanjaro bone marrow's the deepest
You can peep at the comments, but don't fall for that
We want freedom, I'm a scholar, an almanac
People do anything to be involved in everything
Inclusion is a hell of a drug
Some people have everything they probably ever wanted in life
And never have enough

If I had everything, everything
I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah

From the birth of a child, the world is foul
Excursions of a searchin' child
Should learn to take nothin' personal
A parent hates to watch his baby's face
Takin' his first immunization shots, but this is great
The child's introduction to suffering and pain
Understands without words, nothin' is explained
Or rushed to the brain, lookin' up at his parents' face
Like, "I thought you would protect me from this scary place?"
"Why'd you let them inject me?"
"Who's gonna know how these side effects is gonna affect me?"
Who knew I would grow to meet presidents that respect me?
If Starbucks is bought by Nestlé, please don't arrest me
I need to use your restroom and I ain't buy no espresso
Soon enough, assume the cuffs, the position
Not new to us, since back on the bus sittin'
Said, "Screw that bus!" – boycotted that bus outta business
The future's us, yet every citizen's in prison

If I had everything, everything
I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah

Watch me as I walk through the folly, golly, New York to Saudi
In Italy, I'm Eduardo Wiccari
But Nasty the hustler, nasty like mustard gas, sulfur
And I could sell Alaska to Russia, no pressure
My first house, 11,000-square-feet mansion
It was a haunted by dead rich whites
Mad a nigga bought his crib to hang up pictures of black Christ
Circular driveways, black cars and black ice
My second house, still in my twenties, illin' with money
Chilled through my spine, spillin' wine, it's funny
Did good for a staircase loiterer, euphoria
What you saw when you seen a teen turn to a warrior
Did every Fourth of July, bustin' in the sky
It was important to a guy who was mob-minded
Future Murcielago driver 'til Lambos got average on me
I started likin' the look like I ain't had no money
Yellow taxi seats over Maybach seats
Just to remind me, just to inspire me
To stay focused, it's a real sick society
Just cause I got your support don't mean you're buyin' me
I'm buyin' back the land owned by the slave masters
Where my ancestors lived, just to say a rapper
Made a change, the pants-sagger put plans in action
To lay claim the Pan-African made it happen

You'll live, and you'll learn
See cause you've never been the same anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else
You'll live, and you'll learn
See you'll never conclude with anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else

If I had everything, everything
I could change anything
If I changed anything, I mean anything
I would change everything, oh yeah

Dark boy, don't you cry
There's too much life left in those eyes
Don't you let that face go waterfall
Don't you learn to love your scars and all
Dark boy, don't you die
They're just human, let them lie
You just know your world and speak your truth
And let them come to you
For you'll love, in your heart
See cause you've never been the same as anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else
This is your call, there are no wrongs
See you'll never conclude with anyone else
Don't think the same as everyone else
Street's disciple, my raps are trifle
I shoot slugs from my brain just like a rifle
Stampede the stage, I leave the microphone split
Play Mr. Tuffy while I'm on some Pretty Tone shit
Verbal assassin, my architect pleases
When I was 12, I went to…

And you're sitting at home doing this shit
I should be earning a medal for this
Stop fuckin' around and be a man
There ain't nothin' out here for you

Oh yes, there is… This

Yo, Nas, yo, what the fuck is this bullshit on the radio, son?

Chill, chill! That's the shit, God, chill

Ayo, yo, pull down the shade, man
Let's count this money, nigga
Ayo, Nas, put the Jacksons and the Grants over there!
You know what I'm sayin'?
‘Cause we spendin' the Jacksons
You know how we get down, baby

True, true

Nas, yo, Nas, man
Shit is mad real right now in the projects
For a nigga, yo, word to mother
All them crab-ass rappers be comin' up to me
Man, word to mother, man
I think we need to let them niggas know it's real, man

True indeed, knamsayin'?
But when it's real you doin' this
Even without a record contract, knamsayin'?

No question

Been doing this since back then

I'm sayin' regardless how it go down we gon' keep it real
We tryin' to see many mansions and Coupes, kid

No doubt, we gon' keep it real, true, true

Ayo, where's Grand Wizard and Mayo at, man?
Takin' niggas a long time, man

Who got the Phillies? Take this Hennessy

Ayo, dunn
C'mon, c'mon, man, stop wavin' that, man!
Stop pointin' that at me, dunn, take the clip out!

Nigga, alright, but take this Hennessy, man!

I'm sayin' take the clip, man, c'mon, take it out!

Light them Phillies up, man!
Niggas stop fuckin' burnin' Phillies, man
Light some Phillies up then!

Pass that henrock, pass that henrock!
Nigga, act like you know!

Yo, we drinkin' this straight up with no chaser
I ain't fuckin' with you, nigga

I'm saying though, man

What is it, what is it, baby?

What is it, son, what is it?

You know what time it is

I'm saying, man, you know what I'm saying?
Niggas don't listen, man
Representin', it's Illmatic
Get, get, get down!

New York streets where killers will walk like Pistol Pete
And Pappy Mason, gave the young boys admiration
Prince from Queens and Fritz from Harlem
Street legends, the drugs kept the hood from starvin'
Pushin' cars, Nicky Barnes was the '70s
But there's a long list of high-profile celebrities
Worldwide on the thorough side of things
Livest kings, some died, one guy, one time
One day grabs me, as I'm about to blast heat
40-side of Vernon, I turned while he asked me
"What you up to? The cops gon' bust you."
I was a teen drunk off brew
Stumbled I wondered if God sent him
'Cause two squad cars entered the block
And looked at us; I ain't flinch when they watched
I took it upstairs, the bathroom mirror, brushed my hair
Starin' at a young disciple
I almost gave my life to what the dice do
Yeah man, throwin' them bones
Hopin' my ace get his case thrown
His girl ain't wait for him, she in the world straight hoein'
While he lookin' at centerfolds of pretty girls showin'
They little cooch; gangstas don't die, he's living proof
The D.A. who tried him was lyin'
A white dude, killed his mother during the case
Hung jury, now the D.A. is being replaced
Pre-trial hearing is over, it's real for the soldier
Walks in the courtroom, the look in his eyes is wild
Triple-homicide, I sit in the back aisle
I wanna crack a smile when I see him
Throw up a fist for Black Power, 'cause all we want is his freedom
He grabbed a court officer's gun and started squeezin'
Then he grabbed the judge, screams out, "Nobody leavin'
Everybody—"

Get down, get down! Get down, get down!
Get, get, get, get, get, get, get down!
Everybody
Get down, get down! Get down, get down!
Get, get, get, get, get, get, get down!

Some niggas fuck their enemies in their ass when they catch 'em
Weird-ass niggas are dangerous so don't test 'em
They make you disappear, this a year that I won't forget
Sold CD's double platinum, met mo' execs
Southern niggas, independent label, real killas
Know the business, ran Tennessee for years, now they chillin'
They had the coke game somethin' crazy
Sold music out the trunk of their car, that shit amazed me
Put me onto heroin blunts, sherm or somethin'
Took a puff, what the fuck? I turned to punch him
Southern niggas ain't slow, nigga tried to play me
I left from around them dudes, they cool but they crazy
Now I'm back around the old school that raised me
New York gangsters, we loungin', out in L.A. see
A dude wrote my dog from Pelican Bay
The letter say, "Nas, I got your back, the fools don't play."
I rolled with some Crips down to a Crenshaw funeral
Never saw so many men slaughtered and I knew the ho
Responsible; the nigga still alive in a hospital
Midnight they crept in his room and shot the doctor too
See, my cousin's in the game, thuggin' and thangs
He plugged me with a dame who was half-Mexicano
Gave the ass up, I'm a mack daddy Soprano
She passed me the indigo, but the imbecile
Shoulda never tippy-toed, thought my eyes were closed
Openin' the hotel room door to let her goons in
But I moved in a manner on some Jet Li shit
I let the hammers blow, wet three kids
See honey thought I had somethin' to do with all the drama
'Cause I was with a crew that had her people killed
Called up my cousin, told him I ain't fuckin' with you
He responded "cool," but told me out here this how motherfuckers—

Get down, get down! Get down, get down!
Get, get, get, get, get, get, get down!
Everybody
Get down, get down! Get down, get down!
Get, get, get, get, get, get, get down!

All I really gotta say is that
If that's how our people gon' get down, how we ever gon' get up?
How we ever gon' get up if that's how we get down?
A shame when you really look at it
My folk against your folk, but we all kinfolk
Somebody got to make a change
("I wrote my way out")
When the world turned its back on me
I was up against the wall
I had no foundation
No friends and no family to catch my fall
Runnin' on empty, th'was nothin' left in me but doubt
I picked up a pen and "I wrote my way—" out

I picked up the pen like Hamilton
Street analyst, now I write words that try to channel 'em
No political power—just lyrical power
Sittin' on a crate on a corner, sippin' for hours
Schemin' on a come up, from evening'to sun up
My man awaitin' trial, misdemeanors we younger
Courtroom prejudice, insufficient evidence
Jailhouse lawyers, these images still relevant
Flickerin' lights inside my project hall
Sickenin', the mice crawl all night long
And '87 Reaganism, many pages I've written on
Writin' songs about rights and wrongs and bails bonds
Master bedroom, bigger than the crib that I was raised at
I'm the architect like I wrote the code to Waze app
I'm driven, black Elohim from the streets of Queens
The definition of what It Was Written means
Know what I mean?

("I wrote my way out")
When the world turned its back on me
I was up against the wall
I had no foundation
No friends and no family to catch my fall
Runnin' on empty, there was nothin' left in me but doubt
I picked up a pen and "I wrote my way—" out

I really wrote my way up out of 6E
Develop relationships with fiends, I know they miss me
Before the metrocards, it was tokens, I did the ten speed
Never had wrote a rhyme in my life, what was a sixteen?
At sixteen, arrested in housin', trips to the mountains
Came right back, trappin' off couches, watchin' for mouses
Only tools we was posed with, had a spot, smoke lit
The hate is just confusion, pay attention how them jokes switch
Diadora was my favorite, the Mark Buchanans
Mama couldn't afford them, I learned everythin' on the border
That's a big 8, Clicquot parties with private dancers with no mixtape
Bumble Bee Tuna, now we could get steak
I persevered, composition, I kept it close
Competition near, I'm a Spartan without the spear
Three hundred rhymes, it was written before I wrote it
Opportunity knockin', might miss it, that window closin'
This poetry in motion, I'm a poet

("I wrote my way out")
When the world turned its back on me
I was up against the wall
I had no foundation
No friends and no family to catch my fall
Runnin' on empty, there was nothin' left in me but doubt
I picked up a pen and I wrote my way out!

High speed, dubbin' these rhymes in my dual cassette deck
Runnin' out of time like I'm Jonathan Larson's rent check
My mind is where the wild things are, Maurice Sendak
In withdrawal, I want it all, please give me that pen back
Y'all, I caught my first beatin' from the other kids when I was caught readin';
"Oh, you think you smart?"—Blah!—start bleedin'
My pops tried in vain to get me to fight back
Sister tapped my brains, said, "Pssh—you'll get 'em right back."
Oversensitive, defenseless, I made sense of it, I pencil in
The lengths to which I'd go to learn my strengths and knock 'em senseless
These sentences are endless, so what if they leave me friendless?
"Damn, you got no chill," fuckin' right—I'm relentless
I know Abuela's never really gonna win the lottery
So it's up to me to draw blood with this pen, hit an artery
This Puerto Rican's brains are leakin' through the speakers
And if he can be the shinin' beacon this side of the G.W.B and
Shine a light when it's gray out?

("I wrote my way out")
Oh, I was born in the eye of a storm
No lovin' arms to keep me warm
This hurricane in my brain is the burden I bear
I can do without, I'm here (I'm here)
'Cause "I wrote my way—" out!

"—picked up the pen like Hamilton"
"I wrote my way out of the pro—"
"—wrote—"
"—wrote my way out of the projects"
"—pick—"
"—picked up the pen like Hamilton"
"I wrote my way out of the—"
"—wrote—"
"—wrote my way out of the—"
("I wrote my way—")
"—picked up the pen like Hamilton"
"I wrote my way out of the pro—"
"—wrote—"
"—wrote my way out of the projects"
("I wrote my way out")

"Really, I saw, like, a hole in the rap game, so, if I wanted to put my little two cents in the game, then it would be from a different perspective."
("I wrote my way out")
"I thought that I would represent for my neighborhood and tell their story, be their voice, in a way that nobody has done it. Tell the real story."
Damn
Look how muh-fuckers use a nigga
Just use me for whatever the fuck they want
I don't get to say shit
Just grab me, just do what the fuck they want
Sell me, throw me away
Niggas just don't give a fuck about a nigga like me, right
Like I'm a f-, I'm a gun, shit
It's like I'm a motherfucking gun
I can't believe this shit
Word up, word up

I seen some cold nights and bloody days
They grab me and bullets spray
They use me wrong so I sing this song 'til this day
My body is cold steel for real
I was made to kill, that's why they keep me concealed
Under car seats they sneak me in clubs
Been in the hands of mad thugs
They feed me when they load me with mad slugs
Seventeen precisely, one in my head
They call me Desert Eagle, semi-auto with lead
I'm seven inches four pounds, been through so many towns
Ohio to Little Rock to Canarsie, living harshly
Beat up and battered they pull me out
I watch as niggas scattered, making me kill
But what I feel it never mattered
When I'm empty I'm quiet, finding myself fiending to be fired
A broken safety, niggas place me in shelves
Under beds so I beg for my next owner to be a thoroughbred
Keep me full up with hollow heads

How you like me now? I go blaow
It's that shit that moves crowds making every ghetto foul
I might have took your first child
Scarred your life, or crippled your style
I gave you power, I made you buck-wild
How you like me now? I go blaow
It's that shit that moves crowds making every ghetto foul
I might have took your first child
Scarred your life, or crippled your style
I gave you power, I made you buck-wild

Always I'm in some shit
My abdomen is the clip, the barrel is my dick uncircumcised
Pull my skin back and cock me
I bust off when they unlock me
Results of what happens to niggas shock me
I see niggas bleeding running from me in fear, stunningly tears
Fall down the eyes of these so-called tough guys, for years
I've been used in robberies, giving niggas heart to follow me
Placing peoples in graves, funerals made cause I was sprayed
I was laid in a shelf, with a grenade
Met a wrecked-up TEC with numbers on his chest that say
Five-two-oh-nine-three-eight-five and zero
Had a serial defaced, hoping one day police would place
Where he came from, a name or some sort of person to claim him
Tired of murdering, made him wanna be a plain gun
But yo, I had some other plans like the next time the beef is on
I make myself jam right in my owner's hand

How you like me now? I go blaow
It's that shit that moves crowds making every ghetto foul
I might have took your first child
Scarred your life, or crippled your style
I gave you power, I made you buck-wild
How you like me now? I go blaow
It's that shit that moves crowds making every ghetto foul
I might have took your first child
Scarred your life, or crippled your style
I gave you power, I made you buck-wild

Yo, weeks went by and I'm surprised
Still stuck in the shelf with all the things that an outlaw hides
Besides me it's bullets, two vests and then a nine
There's a grenade in a box, and that TEC that kept crying
Cause he ain't been cleaned in a year he's rusty, it's clear
He's bout to fall to pieces cause of his murder career
Yo I can hear somebody coming in, open the shelf
His eyes bubbling, he said it was on
I felt his palm troubled him shaking
Somebody stomped him out, his dome was aching
He placed me on his waist, the moment I've been waiting
My creation was for Blacks to kill Blacks
It's gats like me that accidentally go off, making niggas memories
But this time, it's done intentionally
He walked me outside, saw this cat
Cocked me back, said, "Remember me?"
He pulled the trigger but I held on, it felt wrong
Knowing niggas is waiting in hell for him
He squeezed harder, I didn't budge, sick of the blood
Sick of the thugs, sick of wrath of the next man's grudge
What the other kid did was pull out, no doubt
A newer me in better shape, before he lit out, he lead the chase
My owner fell to the floor his wig split so fast
I didn't know he was hit, it's over with
Heard mad niggas screaming, niggas running, cops is coming
Now I'm happy, until I felt somebody else grab me
Damn!
PS 111 had free lunch
Embarrassed but managed to get a plate...
We was kids hungry
Mom's working, I was famished
She getting home late...
So I decided now I'm in charge
Either stay full or starve
Corner store like "Mister, spare-a-quarter"
Before Air Jordans, Kareem Abdul-Jabbars
Trying to cop quarters and trying to move that hard
Roll with a shooting squad
How could I not succumb? How could I not partake?
Fifteen I got a gun
Sixteen I robbed a train
Licked off a shot for fun
What's got inside my brain?
A hustler's job ain't done, til he becomes a king
But I'm a righteous son, despite I'm in the midst of
Dudes who switch up and change
They wanna carry me like I'm some kind of lame
I never let them though, I just forgive them though
Either that or the pistol blow

"Say YEAH! Haha, thank ya! Ahhh, Hallelujah!
Y'all don't hear me now! Somebody help me!"

I remember early mornings, syrup sandwiches, sugar water, yeah
Walking up the dark stairwells, elevators was out of order, yeah
Worth two hundred million now
Bicentennial nigga, flat screens and condominiums
Brazilian women on Xannies they pulling off panties
I'm pushing forty, she only twenty-one
Don't applaud me, I'm exhausted G
Me and my red cup, my blunt and my red cup
Y'all wouldn't know me without one, I keep a fresh cut
Remember talking to Biggie inside his Lex truck
Said stay fly when you bummy, keep your pajamas Armani
Hood forever, I just act like I'm civilized
Really what's in my mind is organizing a billion Black motherfuckers
To take over J.P. and Morgan, Goldman and Sachs
And teach the world facts and give Saudi they oil back

"Say YEAH! Haha, thank ya! Ahhh, Hallelujah!
Y'all don't hear me now! Somebody help me!"

1990's Polo Ralph Lauren on him
Gone a few years, the whole world snoring on him
Girls all up on him
I spread em, hit 'em and dead 'em
She says, third leg from a legend is sheer heaven
She says, it is the greatest loving
The tales you hear is the truth on me
Who wasn't the most faithful husband
Reveal my life, you will forgive me
You will love me, hate me, judge me, relate to me
Only a few will, this how it sounds when you're too real
They think it's just music still
Well I am a graphic classic song composer
Music notes on sheets, I wrote this piece to get closure
Some of y'all might know Kelis
This goes to her with love, also goes to y'all, let's see
The craziest things already happened to me
So either you'll be laughing at me or you're laughing with me, HA!

"Say YEAH! Haha, thank ya! Ahhh, Hallelujah!
Y'all don't hear me now! Somebody help me!"
I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that

Yeah
I never brag how real I keep it, cause it's the best secret
I rock a vest prestigious, Cuban link flooded Jesus
In a Lex watching Kathie Lee and Regis
My actions are one with the seasons
A TEC squeezing executioner
Winter time I rock a fur
Mega popular center of attraction
Climaxing, my bitches, they be laughing
They high from sniffing coke off a twenty-cent Andrew Jackson
City lights spark a New York night
Rossi and Martini sipping, Sergio Tacchini
Flipping mad pies, low price
I blow dice and throw them
.45 by my scrotum, manifest the Do or Die slogan
My niggas roll in ten M3's
Twenty Gods popping wheelies on Kawasakis
Hip hop's got me on some ol', spraying shots like a drum roll
Blanking out and never miscount the shells my gun hold
I don't stunt, I regulate
Henny and Sprite, I separate, watching crab niggas marinate
I'm all about TECs, a good jux and sex
Israelite books, holding government names from Ness
MC's are crawling out every hole in the slum
You be aight like blood money in a pimp's cum

I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
For you wack MC's

Currency is made in the trust of the Messiah
I'm spending it to get higher
Earth, Wind and Fire singing Reasons why I'm
Up early, trustworthy is a nine that bust early
Sunshine on my grill, I spill Remy on imaginary graves
Put my hat on my waves, latter Day Saints say religious praise
I dolo, challenge any team or solo
You must be bugging out, new to my shit, home on a furlough
Ask around who's laid up, sharp and straight up
Mafioso, getting niggas' wakes sprayed up
Skies are misty, my life's predicted by a gypsy
I'll one day walk into shots, drunk off champagne from Sicily
This be the drama, I'ma pause like a comma
In a sentence, paragraph's indented
Bloodshot red eyes high, yellow envelopes of lye
Opening cigars let tobacco fly
Condos are tune-proof, we're looking out the sky's moonroof
Shitting like gin and prune juice
Yo the system wants the coon's noose, hang 'em high
Courtrooms filled up, it's off the hook while I
Just wrote a statement, like I'm facing twenty years
In the basement, chilling on the VI with Mumia
For wearing chrome, I told the judge snakes slither
Like Sharon Stone but like Capone I'm thrown, yo

I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
For you wack MC's
I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
For you wack MC's

Yo the time is wasting, I use the mind elevation
Dime sack lacing, court pen pacing
Individual, lyrical math abrasion
Psychic evaluation, the foulest nation
We living in dangerous lives, mad leak and battered wives
A lifestyle on bad streets is patternized
Wise men build and destroy
While the real McCoy dope fiend named Detroit is still dealing boy
Coke suppliers acting biased
'Cause rumors say that niggas wear wires and we liars
But every night the gat's fired and every day a rat's hired
I still remain the mack flyest in the phat Kani's
Just a killer in me, slash drug dealer MC
Ex-slug filler, semi mug peeler
Demi, bottles of Mo', yo simply follow me flow
Put poetry inside a crack pot and blow
Rough hoes pull crack out pussies and buttholes
Bring the G's and the D's roll, they can't touch those
Why shoot the breeze about it when you could be about it
My degrees are routed, toward the peasy haired brick houses
Instead of the fake medallions
Rich niggas transport in thousands
Foreign cash exchange amounting to millions
Doors is locked, rocks is chopped, watch the cameras in the ceilings
Trick bitches catching mad feelings
Peeling off in the Lex Jeep, techniques is four-wheeling
I bet it be some shit when we connect with Stretch
When we catch them sex niggas with the TECs you blessed, word
So now it's on, never wasted a slug
Time is money when it comes to mine, take it in blood

I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
For you wack MC's
I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that
For you wack MC's

Yea, Capone-n-Noreaga
Yeah yo offical Queensbridge murderers
Mobb Deep keep it real though
Motherfucking AZ yo
Mega, Mega, whatever
Scarlett O'Hara, Fox Boogie
East New York
Yambo, Brownsville
Wizard, Far Rockaway
Big Bow, Jersey
Connecticut, DC, Sudan
VA, NC, LA
So on and so on
Big Ha, Houston Fifth Ward
Black Ed, keep it real Moe
(Staaaaaaaay...)

(Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh...
Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh...

Peace to the Five Percenters, online engine inventors
Shout to them niggas, family men, bringing home dinners
Watch out for desperate lonely women, hurt your happy home
Miserable and alone, kissable, nice to bone
She not the type deserving of a throne
Her beauty is her curse, she fuck for shoes and a purse
Make me a movie first, can watch you on my phone
I shop in Barcelona, I spend some nights in Rome
Feel like a Knight from England
That's what I named my son, Knight
He was born to be one, that's how my game was won
White 740 Beamer, licked by an angel's tongue
I'm living dangerous son, she got a man, a famous one
Honey be pocket watching, she got a lot of options
Hard to make up her mind deciding which baller to rock with
Hot to death, slim pickings but I'm not impressed
She got the hottest sex, so I guess I'ma just.. stay

(Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh...
Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh...

Even though I don't like you
Next Friday night can't wait to fight you
Locked up I would knife you, don't fuck with you
Last month I even bucked at you, you got locked
I felt bad, wait do I got love for you?
I might kill you but do I got love for you?
I want you dead under six feet of soil
At the same time, want you here to witness me while you in misery
We hate each other but it's love, what a thug mystery
Years ago they ate the hearts of a slain enemy
We enemies but your hatred could never enter me
Some seek fame cause they need validation
Some say hating is confused admiration
Spotlight on me, I still look twenty
Still get money, lady killer pushing a Bentley
Maybe niggas could see too much of they failures
Through a nigga who realer
I don't like you near bruh, but I need you to.. stay

(Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh...
Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh...
Escobar season begins
Ay yo we ain't posin' for no pictures in 2018
Candid shit only
Scared motherfuckers

Black Kemet gods (yeah), black Egyptian gods (let's go)
Summoned from heaven, blessed, dressed in only Goyard
Homie go hard like Stone and Robert in a stolen car
Shoot the ballot box, no voter cards, they all are frauds
Senegal's finest, minerals, diamonds
The Earth is cursed but I survive many climates
Calm and thoroughly, they try to Hyman Roth me
John Fitzgerald me, the industry never bought me
(You know God sent me here)
Fear will make you reveal who you really are
Feel me God? Be solid, your foes hold you in ill regard
This ain't knowledge, this is not intense
For honored men, women too
Us who can see the same thing, but have a different view (let's go)
All of a sudden, frontin' niggas knew you from your past
Got all kinds of guys sayin' we go way back
And who y'all comparin' me to is nonsense
Show gratitude in the presence of dominance

I think they scared of us, yeah
I think they scared of us
I think they scared of us, yeah
I think they scared
To Catholics…

To Catholics, Moors and Masons (motherfuckers!)
John Hanson was not the first black pres to make it
Abe Lincoln did not free the enslaved
Progress was made 'cause we forced the proclamation
(Fuck your proclamation!)
SWAT was created to stop the Panthers
Glocks were created for murder enhancement
For hunting men, circumstances
Edgar Hoover was black
Willie Lynch is a myth, Colombians created crack
The government made stacks (welcome to America, niggas!)
Reagan had Alzheimer's, that's true
Fox News was started by a black dude, also true (fuck you too!)
Convinced my experiences were meant to be
Helps me navigate as they validate they treachery
Felt established, fake as he smile, handshake questionable
"Am I good?" he ask, thinkin', "But is he testin' you?"
(Is he testin' you?) In my hood, fear does a few things
Make you pussy, make you a snitch
Make irrational moves or even turn you to food

I think they're scared of us, yeah
I think they're scared of us
I think they're scared of us, yeah
I think they scared
I think they scared of us, yeah
I think they scared of us
See, we don't care about what you think about us
I think they scared of us, yeah
What you say about us
I think they scared
You bitch ass, yeah

Ayo, that's why they be killing us and shooting us
That's why they feel uncomfortable around us
'Cause of our greatness
You're lucky God made us compassionate
And forgiving
Pssh, man, they scared of us, Nas
We see that bitch in your eyes
Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beamers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something

My man put me up for the share, one-fourth of a square
Headed for Delaware with one change of gear
Nothing on my mind but the dime sack we blazed
With the glaze in my eye, that we find when we crave
Dollars and cents, a fugitive with two attempts
Jakes had no trace of the face, now they drew a print
Though I'm innocent 'til proven guilty
I'ma try to get filthy, purchase a club and start up a realty
For real G, I'ma fulfill my dream
If I conceal my scheme then precisely I'll build my cream
The first trip without the clique
Sent the bitch with the quarter brick, this is it
Fresh face, NY plates got a crooked eye for the Jakes
I want it all, ArmorAll Benz and endless papes
God sake, what a nigga got to do to make a half a million
Without the FBI catching feelings

Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beamers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something

From Fat Cat to Pappy, niggas see the cat
Twenty-five to flat, push a thousand feet back
Holding gats wasn't making me fat, snitches on my back
Living with Moms, getting it on, flushing crack down the toilet
Two sips from being alcoholic
Nine hundred ninety nine thou from being rich
But now I'm all for it
My man saw it like Dionne Warwick
A wiser team, for a wiser dream we could all score with
The cartel Argentina coke with the nina
Up in the hotel, smoking on Sessamina
Trina got the fishscale between her
The way the bitch shook her ass yo the dogs never seen her
She got me back living sweeter, fresh Caesar
Guess, David Robinson's, Wally moccasins
Bitches blow me while hopping in the drop-top BM
Word is bond son, I had that bitch down on my shit like this

Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beamers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something

Growing up project-struck, looking for luck, dreaming
Scoping the large niggas beaming, check what I'm seeing
Cars, ghetto stars pushing ill Europeans
G'n, heard about them old timers OD'n
Young early 80's, throwing rocks at the crazy lady
Worshipping every word them rope-rocking niggas gave me
The street raised me up giving a fuck
I thought Jordans and a gold chain was living it up
I knew the dopes, the pushers, the addicts, everybody
Cut out of class, just to smoke blunts and drink noddy
Ain't that funny, getting put on to crack money
With all the gunplay, painting the kettle black hungry
A case of beers in the staircase I wasted years
Some niggas went for theirs, flipping coke as they career
But I'm a rebel stressing, to pull out of the heat no doubt
With Jeeps tinted out, spending never holding out

Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beamers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beamers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something
The ghetto Othello, the Moor
Oh my God, they speak venomous on the boy
Oh my Lord, my enemy is fear, and I'm sure
Oh my God, they want the end of me 'cause I'm pure
Oh my Lord, discipline for the win, I just go for it
It's a trend for these men to die on their own sword
Journey far, learn who you can be
But you can learn who you are when you around family
Chip off their shoulders and soldiers, on they grizzle
My granddaddy Mack Little married Nannie Little
They passed down wisdom, blessings were given
Pray my sins don't get passed to my children
I made a killin', I'm alive like the morning star
Court Jordan's for the price on stock, so what the Hornets are?
I need evaluations, I'm savvy, y'all
Eatin' foie gras and caviar, listen

Adam and Eve
Don't fall too far from the apple tree, ayy
Adam and Eve, Adam and Eve
Don't fall too far from the apple tree, apple tree

The ghosts of gangsters dance
Chinchillas shake on the hanger, the force of this banger
Yeah, my language advanced, my cadence amazin'
The voice triggers somethin', what is this conundrum?
The clouds scurry, your spirit rumble, a boyish smile
Still puff the loud, it's nothin' less than a quarter pound
Savage narrative, every verse that I write bursts light
Brings awareness to my personal life
After my morning walk, Havana cigar, the ganja spark
See my doctor more, sweat in the sauna or the spa
Spendin' fifty large at the Bellagio
Spent twenty on a bad bitch I hardly know
New girl every night, two girls was every other night
Sexual addiction, gangster tradition
They wanna fuck me, have me under they belt, slightly offended
Yeah, that's how I felt, that's how it ended
I'm just good at existin', existin' in my truth
As long as I enjoy the fruit, yeah

Adam and Eve
Don't fall too far from the apple tree, ayy
Adam and Eve, Adam and Eve
Don't fall too far from the apple tree, apple tree

What come first, peace or the paper?
Before I had a piece of paper, peace was in my favor
Before I sat to eat at the table, it had leeches and traitors
Cut the fat from the meat, extract the weak, bon appetit
No bacon, brothers is swine
It's so hard to trust 'em 'cause my hustle is mine
It's evident they all the same, with gray hair and still mean muggin'
Gray hairs of wisdom, that means you seen somethin'
Say somethin', you stay frontin'
But these clowns got false crowns, fictitional kings
You broke my heart, Fredo
You bring this thing of ours down to a fable
Be advised my guys dyin', enterprisin' at a boss's table
There's always room at my table
Insecurities is keepin' you disabled
All this money to get, is it less time?
They ain't stopped printin' money, 'cause they made mine
I learned to stretch time, these are the best times
I'm in my neighborhood in stadiums, the Mets' kind
With restaurants and Carbone, spicy rigatoni
Go hard, a red Bordeaux, oh God

Adam and Eve
Don't fall too far from the apple tree, ayy
Adam and Eve, Adam and Eve
Don't fall too far from the apple tree, apple tree
You cocked back
You thought you had it planned, you thought you had your man
He saw you coming, he ran when you tried to blast that man
You missed him by inches, he sprinted
Some of his boys on the corner was who your bullets entered
Two of 'em pull through but one didn't, son's finished
You took the life of him
The part about it that's crazy, you was aight with him
Tight with him, why was he in the way?
Why was he standing next to the enemy that specific day?
His style never hollas loud, stays reclusive
Good dude, got that look like he always about to do shit
Side of his mouth toothpick, one eyebrow raised
Got into it with dude who still tried to live out his old wild out days
They never had no probs
Somehow they rubbed each other wrong like a bad massage
These two different personalities had to collide
Niggas could not aim and innocent niggas died
You ask why, cause of a

Accident murderer, act like you killed on purpose
Liars brag, you put work in
You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin
Streets are full of 'em, read the bulletin
Accident murderer
You just an accident murderer

We grew up doing graffiti, now hollow heads getting heated
Seated in foreign cars, constantly getting weeded
Proceeded to count profits, I know they got on binoculars
But fuck em all, we balling 'til they come lock us up
20 to life; I'm clubbing, blowing 20 tonight
We the mob, Bob Marley Marlin' all through the night
Addicted to wealth, never cold turkey to war
Snatch a TEC off the shelf, live forever; that's Insh'Allah
Memoirs of a rich nigga
Sweat suits, gold chains, old drug dealers
New Benz, chrome rims are for show, killer
You niggas accidental, shoppers in back of the limo
Pay your tithes, stay alive, can't be dodging my clique
Cut a check; I use your bitch for some bargaining chips
In a hole, sell your home, nigga go sell your soul
This forty-five in control, God forgives and I don't

Accident murderer, act like you killed on purpose
Liars brag, you put work in
You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin
Streets are full of 'em, read the bulletin
Accident murderer
You just an accident murderer

Accident murderer
Accident murderer, you just an accident murderer

Yo, for my nigga that got killed, got hit up
Vodka spills on the concrete, light a swisha, we miss ya
And for that girl who never made it home, shot in the dome
How they gon' kill that beautiful sister?
Violent adolescents, homicidal with weapons
Not a lot of knowledge inside of they minds, that I'm guessing
Tell me who you impressing
Shooters I knew them when they was babies, I used to test them
Make em throw up they hands, choke 'em out playing wrestling
Watch em grow to a man, I see them now they repping
But they cold-blooded, homie, wondering where the respect went
Can't play with these little niggas, gangsta little niggas
Can't hang with these little niggas, they're killing, they're reckless
Wish I could build with him, but will he change really?
Some real killers, I think of Wayne Perry
Think of my nigga Drawz, but you aren't a name to me
You ain't mean to kill him, it wasn't necessary

Accident murderer, act like you killed on purpose
Liars brag, you put work in
You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin
Streets are full of em, read the bulletin
Accident murderer
You just an accident murderer
It's like a cold story.. repeated over and over..
In the winters of my mind
This shit be real, man..
Shit's crazy out here..
Yo yo, yo what up y'all?
That's my niggas over there, word

If you scared to take chances, you'll never have the answers
I could tell the future of a dude how his stance is
Wonder will he shoot then you should study where his hands is
Is he gon' cock it and pop it? His waistband big
But he don't have that thing in him, slangin just ain't in him
Body language is off, he's soft
But soft niggas all a sudden start dumpin', frontin'
Cause he feel a way: my niggas say the eyes is a giveaway
One look could tell me if you really came to kill me
Be the quiet nigga lookin' lame with the milli
Who that over there creepin'? Who homie by the tree?
Better safe than sorry, look at p-noid me
Few machine guns close, we could squeeze all three
Be a cold day in hell before they creep on me
It’s a lesson every premonition
Lot of niggas killed ‘cause they wasn't payin' attention, listen

I want a bitch I can trust, some niggas I can trust
Accountants lookin' over my figures I can trust
A lawyer that’s fightin' for my decisions I can trust
Damn my nigga, trust, I can never get enough
Or Rugers I can trust, shooters I can trust
Goons that know how to spot out a Judas I can trust
And if I can't trust you, the fuck is you here for?
Some of you niggas’ true colors becomin' clear more

It’s been so long, can’t remember how we begun this war
This is a ever-lasting thunderstorm, cause guns went off
I see your moms, she still speak
She don’t know I ain’t cool with her son no more
It’s old shit, see forever we holdin' this grudge
Takes real men to squash beef, end it with hugs
We buried our dead, been years, why should I worry 'bout him?
Constantly watchin' my back, plus niggas tellin' I dread
Another day I put a family in black
Though I be calm and relaxed
Though I know somehow it will come back
Even if I’m in the right, ‘cause still a life is a life
What was it worth to see you covered in dirt?
It’s quite redundant, whether you the hunter or the hunted
Mothers cry, no statute of limitation on a homicide
Just tattoos of my niggas’ names
I wonder, will it change? Let’s ride…

I want a bitch I can trust, some niggas I can trust
Accountants lookin' over my figures I can trust
A lawyer that’s fightin' for my decisions I can trust
Damn my nigga, trust, I can never get enough
Or Rugers I can trust, shooters I can trust
Goons that know how to spot out a Judas I can trust
And if I can't trust you, the fuck is you here for?
Some of you niggas’ true colors becomin' clear more

It’s rare I listen to niggas who never been in my position
A caterpillar can’t relate to what an eagle envisions
From the mind of a man who went at it with killers
Sit down, little man, let me school you in hood business
Seen a lot of niggas blow, lot of dreams folded
Some wasn’t humble, ate too much, got bloated
Ain’t too much left to buy, bought it, I’m loaded, I guess
Lear jets, I ask myself: do I need love or success?
They say the artist that truly suffers, his stuff is the best
‘Cause his heart bleed on his sleeve: pain, pistols and sex
Remember spray paintin' the word "fresh" and then starin' at it
Older folks angry, pointin', swearin' at it
Buildings I sprayed, nowadays drive the McLaren past it
Same old man from years ago told me life is short
So from infant to geriatric, trust your own judgment
Live with it and love it

I want a bitch I can trust, some niggas I can trust
Accountants lookin' over my figures I can trust
A lawyer that’s fightin' for my decisions I can trust
Damn my nigga, trust, I can never get enough
Or Rugers I can trust, shooters I can trust
Goons that know how to spot out a Judas I can trust
And if I can't trust you, the fuck is you here for?
Some of you niggas’ true colors becomin' clear more
Hip hop, hip hop (Ugh!) is dead
(Had to flip this track again, y'all!)
Hip, hip hop, hip hop (Ugh!) is dead
Hip, hip hop (Ugh!)
Hip, hip hop is dead (NYC! Dirty South!)
Hip, hip hop (West Coast!)
Hip hop (Midwest!)
Hip hop (Let's go!)

If hip hop should die before I wake
I'll put an extended clip and body 'em all day
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
If hip hop should die before I wake
I'll load an extended clip and body 'em all day
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
(Hip hop just died this morning
And she's dead, she's dead)

Yeah, niggas smoke, chill, party and die in the same corner
Get cash, live fast, body their man's mama
Quick fast, trigger fingers on the llama
Revenge in their eyes, Hennessy and the ganja
Word to the wise with villain state of minds
Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind
Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind
(Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind)
Whenever, if ever, I roll up, it's sown up
Any ghetto will tell ya, "Nas helped grow us up"
My face once graced promotional Sony trucks
Hundred million and billin', I helped blow 'em up
Gave my man my right, I could have went left
So like my girl Foxy, the kid went deaf
So people, who's your top 10? Is it MC Shan? Is it MC Ren?

If hip hop should die before I wake
I'll put an extended clip and body 'em all day
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
If hip hop should die before I wake
I'll load an extended clip and body 'em all day
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
(Hip hop just died this morning
And she's dead, she's dead)

The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin'
Come through, something ill, missing the ceilin'
What influenced my raps? Stick-ups and killings
Kidnappings, project buildings, drug dealings
Criticize that, why's that?
‘Cause Nas rap is compared to legitimized crap
‘Cause we love to talk on nasty chickens
Most intellectuals will only half listen
So you can't blame jazz musicians
Or David Stern with his NBA fashion issues
Oh, I think they like me, in my white tee
You can't ice me, we here for life, B
On my second marriage, hip hop's my first wifey
And for that, we not taking it lightly
If hip hop should die, we die together
Bodies in the morgue lie together, all together now

If hip hop should die before I wake
I'll put an extended clip and body 'em all day
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
If hip hop should die before I wake
I'll load an extended clip and body 'em all day
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
Roll to every station, wreck the DJ
(Hip hop just died this morning
And she's dead, she's dead)

Everybody sound the same, commercialize the game
Reminiscing when it wasn't all business
It forgot where it started
So we all gather here for the dearly departed
Hip-hopper since a toddler
One homeboy became a man, then a mobster
If it dies, let me get my last swig of vodka
RIP, we'll donate your lungs to a rasta
Went from turntables to MP3's
From "Beat Street"to commercials on Mickey D's
From gold cables to Jacobs
From plain facials to Botox and face lifts
I'm looking over my shoulder
It's about 80 people from my hood that showed up
And they came to show love
Sold out concert and the doors are closed shut
Woke up this mornin' (yeah)
You got yourself a gun (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Got yourself a gun

Yo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines
So, I got mine, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
You from the hood, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
You want beef, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
And when I see you I'ma take what I want
So you tried to front, hope you (got yourself a gun)
You ain't real, hope you (got yourself a gun)

My first album had no famous guest appearances
The outcome: I'm crowned the best lyricist
Many years on this professional level
Why would you question who's better? The world is still mine
Tattoo's real, with "God's Son" across the belly, the boss of rap
You saw me in Belly with thoughts like that
To take it back to Africa, I did it with Biggie
Me and 2Pac were soldiers of the same struggle
You lames a huddle, your team's shook
Y'all feel the wrath of a killer, ‘cause this is my football field
Throwin' passes from a barrel, shoulder pads, apparel
But the QB don't stand for no quarterback
Every word is like a sawed-off blast 'cause y'all all soft
And I'm the black hearse that came to haul y'all ass in
It's for the hood by the corner store
Many try, many die, come at Nas if you want a war, get it bloody!

Yo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines
So, I got mine, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
You from the hood, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
You want beef, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
And when I see you I'ma take what I want
So you tried to front, hope you (got yourself a gun)
You ain't real, hope you (got yourself a gun)

Yo, I'm the N, the A to the S-I-R
And if I wasn't, I must've been Escobar
You know the kid got his chipped tooth fixed
Hair parted with a, barber's preciseness
Bravehearted for life, it's
The return of the Golden Child, son of a blues player
So who are you, player? Y'all awaited the true savior
Puffin' that tropical, cups of that vodka, too
Papi chu', tore up, wake up in a hospital
Throw up? Never! 'Member I do this through righteous steps
You Judas thought I was gone, so in light of my death
Y'all been all happy-go-lucky, bunch of sambos
Call me "God's Son" with my pants low
I don't die slow, put them rags up like Petey Pablo
This is NASDAQ though, in my Nascar, with this Nas flow
What could beat that? Not a soul reppin'
Hit the record store, never let me go, get my whole collection, yo

Yo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines
So, I got mine, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
You from the hood, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
You want beef, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
And when I see you I'ma take what I want
So you tried to front, hope you (got yourself a gun)
You ain't real, hope you (got yourself a gun)

It's, the, return of the prince, the boss
This is real hardcore, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit soft
Sip Cris', get chips, wrist glist' – I floss
Stick-shift look sick up in that Boxster Porsche
With the top cut off, rich kids go and cop The Source
They don't know about the blocks I'm on
And everybody wanna know where the kid go
Where he rest at, where he shop at and dress at
Know he got dough, where does he live? Is he still in the Bridge?
Does he really know how ill that he is?
Got all of y'all watchin' my moves, my watch and my jewels
Hop in my coupe, dodge interviews like that
It's not only my jewels, ice anything, plenty chains
Look at my tennis shoes, I iced that
Who am I? The back twister, lingerie ripper
Automatic leg-spreader, quicker brain-getter
Keepin' it gangsta with ya (uhh)

Yo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines
So, I got mine, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
You from the hood, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
You want beef, I hope you (got yourself a gun)
And when I see you I'ma take what I want
So you tried to front, hope you (got yourself a gun)
You ain't real, hope you (got yourself a gun)
The cops used to come around in my neighborhood
"Alright, you kids, stop having so much fun, move along!"
Oh they'd arrest me, you know, especially at night
They had a curfew, niggas had to be home at 11, negros, 12
And you'd be trying to get home, doing your crew runs
And they'd always catch you out in front of a store or something
'Cause you'd be taking shortcuts, right
Cops, "Ree, put your hands up, black boy!"

The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid

I don't wanna hurt nobody
We just came here to party
See a few dames, exchange some names
I'm a top shotta, kid, stay in your lane
The cop shot the kid, same old scene
Pour out a little liquor, champagne for pain
Slap-boxin' in the street
Crack the hydrant in the heat
Cop cars on the creep
Doin' they round-ups, we just watch for the sweep
Yeah, it's hotter than July
It's the summer when niggas die
It's the summer when niggas ride
Together we'll be strong, but forever we divide
So y'all are blowin' my high
Type of shit that's killin' my vibe
White kids are brought in alive
Black kids get hit with like five
Get scared, you panic, you're goin' down
The disadvantages of the brown
How in the hell the parents gon' bury their own kids
Not the other way around?
Reminds me of Emmett Till
Let's remind 'em why Kap kneels

The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
I still hear him scream

Stay tuned up and down your timeline
This fake news, people is all lyin'
Money is bein' made when a mom cries
Won't be satisfied 'til we all die
Tell me, who do we call to report crime
If 9-1-1 doin' the driveby?
It's certain things I can't abide by
I ain't bein' extreme, this is my side
Talkin' big shit, ready to die
I know every story got two sides
Claimin' he paranoid by the black guy
Cop wanna make it home by nighttime
Just a good kid, he wasn't that guy
Had a little hit, he wasn't that high
Cop gon' claim that it was self-defense
Say he was ridin' dirty so the case rests

The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot– (workin' nine-to-five)
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot– (tryna stay alive)
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot– (makin' ends meet)
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot– (shot him this week)
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–
The cops shot the kid
I still hear him scream
Oooooh-ooooh-oooooooh
42nd Street Terminal


Yo, yo, I live it and I speak it, my religion is reefer
Big money and the most uninhibited freak to sleep with
My visions are realistic, nothing is figurative
I can wish it into existence, God want this nigga to live
Blunt big as a dread, I get high and forget who bled
Who we stomp-kicked in the head and who we left for dead
Who are you niggas? Why argue niggas?
The truth is the truth, I really put my scars on niggas
They wear them lifetime, they tell they hoes, Nas did this
Pointing to they scars like, right here, baby, really Nas did this
Like a badge of honor, not bragging I'm just honest
War stories we tell them, nothing's realer than karma
Sip prohibition liquor, prohibition whiskey
Rap Jack Dempsey, matte black Bentley, pimply
Shattering your silence, passing round the chalice
Due to my Indian ancestry at the weed dispensery
Official kings and gents is who I mix and mingle with
Fuck your ice, I rock rubies, amethyst
I'll fuck your wife 'cause she a groupie, scandalous
This for my bad hood bitches, ghetto glamorous

Yo, what we talking 'bout niggas?
What we talking 'bout niggas?
This is Nas, what, Nas
What, Nasty, what, recollect motherfucker

Uhh, uhh, uhh
At seventeen I made seventeen thousand living in public housing
Integrity intact, repping hard
They asking how he disappear and reappear back on top
Saying Nas must have naked pictures of God or something
To keep winning is my way like Francis
As long as I'm breathing, I'll take chances
A soldier coming home, twenty years old with no legs
Sayin' there's no sense to cry and complain, just go 'head
So much to write and say, yo I don't know where to start
So I'll begin with the basics and flow from the heart
I know you think my life is good 'cause my diamond piece
But my life been good since I started finding peace
I shouldn't even be smiling, I should be angry and depressed
I been rich longer than I been broke, I confess
I started out broke, got rich, lost paper then made it back
Like Trump being up down up, play with cash, huh

My nigga's like a locomotive
Nas, we pushed it, mush it
Queensbridge to Bushwick
Harlem, Bronx, all that
You ain't even supposed to be here
You know where you at?

At night, New York, eat a slice too hot
Use my tongue to tear the skin hanging from the roof of my mouth
Shit was felicissimo melting pot, city sweltering hot
Staggering, drunker than those cops that 2Pac shot
I was a crook by the train with that iron thing, concealed reaching
Soon as I heard them iron wheels screeching
When it came to a halt whoever walked off got caught
Token man safe behind a locked door for sure
Minor thief shit, minor league shit, beasting
Looking for the juks young, but now we older chiefing
In my truck, play The Greatest Adventures of Slick Rick
Bugging on how his imagination was so sick
It's ghetto beef, sinister niggas snicker through yellow teeth
Alcohol aging my niggas faster than felonies
How dare I, must be, something in the air that corrupts me
Look at my upkeep, owned and sublease
I'm here y'all

This for my trapped in the 90s niggas
For my trapped in the 90s niggas
Ha for y'all niggas
Uhh, uhh, uhh

Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ
He's just nice, he just slice like a ginsu
Look at the life that I've been through
I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official
Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ
He's just nice, he just slice like a ginsu
Look at the life that I've been through (uhh)
I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official

Y'all don't know about my Biggie wars
Who you thought "Kick in the Door" was for?
But that's my heart, y'all still trippin' off the Jigga shit
Real niggas listen up and I'ma tell you how the whole thing start
Off top I brung Queens up from hard times
Rockin' at the Fever, streets was all mine
It was my version of the blues, droppin' out schools
The crack epidemic had rap representin' the rules
So I got in them shoes, tried 'em, wore them
Wasn't a perfect fit so I couldn't sport 'em
Young murderers ride, I knew all them
Jungle got shot, Will died, we was warrin'
I wrote it in my album
I was 18 when Lake seen the Island, and Lord held me down and
My surroundings started changin', I had a baby
I was makin' my rounds with AZ
Niggas started noticin' my flow and was open when
The Golden Child closed 'em in
With more style than them older men
Puff tried to start a label, Prince Rakeem had formed Wu-Tang
Snoop and Dre had a new thing
So Puff drove his new Range through Queensbridge Projects
He let me drive it, before Ready to Die hit
Big and I hit blunts performin' at the Ark
Next thing you knew, Big blew and all the ballin' starts
He had Kim in his crew, I found Fox
Only niggas in New York with number one charts
Big was ahead of his time, him and Raekwon
My niggas; but dig it, they couldn't get along
That's when Ghostface said it on The Purple Tape
Bad Boy bitin' Nas album cover, wait
Big told me Rae was stealin' my slang
And Rae told me, out in Shaolin, Big would do the same thing
But I borrowed from both them niggas
Jigga started to flow like us, but hit with "Ain't No Niggas"
Had much Versace swagger
Big admired the Brooklynite and took him in as Iceberg the rapper
Today, don't know nothin' about this boss shit
There's more shit than wantin' to be this King of New York shit
Uhh, uhh, uhh

Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ
He's just nice, he just slice like a ginsu
Look at the life that I've been through
I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official
Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ
He's just nice, he just slice like a ginsu (uhh)
Look at the life that I've been through (yeah)
I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official

Rap became a version of Malcom and Martin
Rest in peace Will, Queensbridge live on
There's some ghetto secrets I can't rhyme in this song
There's some missing pieces I had to leave out
Had lost trust for Steve Stoute at some point 'til I got to know him
We old friends, but what's loyal?
Puff soaked Interscope offices with champagne bottles on Steve
And Steve thought the drama's on me
'Cause previously it would've been, against whoever
Friends forever
However, I learn, with some niggas it's all business
But I'm a street dude with morals
Then this nigga's with Jigga too much
He used to say Jay wanted my spot
I laughed, stayed home, never hung a lot
A quiet man who used to be alone plannin'
Baby moms thought I was too quiet, couldn't stand it
She hit the streets, later on she hittin' the sheets
With a rapper who wanted me on his songs, thinkin' he strong
I taught her how to watch for cars who might follow
Taught her street shit that I know
Her weakness was shine yo
But that's her, I ain't mad, baby, it made me stronger
Now I get my paper longer
Illmatic I was boss, It Was Written I flossed
One of the most creative LP's ever to hit stores
In the Firm I learned I Am NaStradamus
QB's Finest, Oochie Wally, faced more problems
I gave it all up so I can chill at home with Mama
She was gettin' old and sick so I stayed beside her
We had the best times, she asked would I make more songs
I told her not 'til I see her health get more strong
In the middle of that, Jay tried to sneak attack
Assassinate my character, degrade my hood
'Cause in order for him to be the Don, Nas had to go
The Gam-B-I-N-O rules I understood
What y'all want, see, I already had
The Gift and The Curse? Fuck that shit, the first you'll be last
I'm the man's man, a rapper's rapper
G-O-D, S-O-N – they'll be none after
I was Scarface, Jay was Manolo
It hurt me when I had to kill him and his whole squad for dolo...
Uhh, uhh, uhh

Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ
He's just nice, he just slice like a ginsu
Look at the life that I've been through
I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official
Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ
He's just nice, he just slice like a ginsu
Look at the life that I've been through
I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official
Yeah, Harlem, Bronx, Brooklyn

Let's make a bet, I know the reason you ain't make it yet
Your stage was set, but you ain't see the tedious ingredients
That go inside of a rider, you hiding from problems and
You never knew how to make dollars
You couldn't make orders at a drive-through McDonald's
I was fly at the Apollo with Black Jason, '89 with a bottle
Niggas jealous of Jason, dark green seven forty, no tint
Rollie on wrist, gleaming, he rock the baldy
Used to ride with him to Brooklyn, Lewis and Halsey
Cop chocolate Thai, Vernon style and burn it down
My nigga Hype in the federal joint, verdict out
Twenty years getting money in the Dirty South
That's alleged, you see my nigga's a stand up dude
So I'm yelling, "Free my nigga!"
My nephew godfather Malik, he jammed up too
For what his hands usually call for, but he ain't do it

Who you are ain't in the recipe of what I am
'Cause where I'm from
Man, what I see, you wouldn't understand
Where I been and what I do
No matter how you try you never can
'Cause where I'm from
And what I see, you wouldn't understand
Where I been, where I been

You ever been on the other end of a robber's revolver?
Not me, call me Lucky Nas Castellana
Or been shot in the medulla oblongata
And survived and praise God with a bullet I never collided
Some did and they lived, I salute the gods
Moët spilling, splashed by mistake on my Timb boots for y'all
N.Y. nigga, Adidas, jogging suit
Shelltoes, slim, fly nigga
Hudson River, rent a boat, t-shirt with a dinner coat
A vintage Fila like I'm the ghost of Domencio
On any day getting throat in a tinted vehicle
Like a old BK gangsta, but I'm the CEO
Of Nasty Nas Enterprises, mastermind, made men
My success symbolizes loyalty, great friends
Dedication, hard work, routine builds character
In a world full of snakes, rats and scavengers
Never make choices out of desperation, I think through it
Break through walls like Pink Floyd, and drink fluids
Of all kind of alcohol, y'all
Vineyards in France, yachts out in Cannes

Who you are ain't in the recipe of what I am
'Cause where I'm from
Man, what I see, you wouldn't understand
Where I been and what I do
No matter how you try you never can
'Cause where I'm from
And what I see, you wouldn't understand
Where I been, where I been

Now holla at a millionaire
Rollie, Hublot and Audemar, deciding which one to wear
Who to screw, what to drive
550 with the cream guts inside
Or the Super Sport Range truck is fly
Diamond ring on my knuckles, like fire, bitch
Gats on us, I don't really trust these guys
Spend a couple bucks a night on bottles on cuties
If she beautiful, the lustful type, I'll hit it and bust inside
Fuck it, I'ma die one day
They gon' probably make that day a holiday
Until then, let's go on a shopping spree
Speaking for my real niggas
Only OG's, certified who kill niggas
When put in that seat, but tonight we on chill, nigga
Chill mode, spill more Spades
Listen to Yeezy and Hov, some Rozay
It's like we always on the grind with no brakes
So tonight we gon' act like we on vacation with this on rotation

Who you are ain't in the recipe of what I am (word)
'Cause where I'm from (yeah)
Man, what I see you wouldn't understand
Where I been and what I do
(Y'all wouldn't understand, huh)
No matter how you try you never can
(You wouldn't last a day in my shoes, homie)
'Cause where I'm from (yeah)
And what I see, you wouldn't understand
Where I been, where I been

True B nigga, yeah, uhh
For my hood niggas, yeah, yeah
To my man Eric B, what up, yeah
The whole city, I see you
To my man Big Slate in the fed joint
My man Spunk, free my niggas
All my niggas, yeah
Club Vernon, I see you, I see you, yeah
And Baltum, I see you
Rest in peace to Black Just
Riding through Jamaica Queens in his black truck
Timbs was forty below, waves to the side of his dome
Definition of good nigga, yo
Gangsters don't die, niggas only become immortal
Angels don't only fly, they walk right before you
In front of you
It’s foul what this money could do
Cash corrupts the loyal
I hung with E-Money too, the fucking truth
Fucking with Stretch from Live Squad
I could’ve died the same night that Stretch died
I just got out of his ride
He dropped me off and drove to Springfield
November 30th, another Queens king killed
It fucked me up, y’all
I was just trying to make it with Steve Stoute
The legal way, drug-free route
Back in the days, they was sleeping on us
Brooklyn keep on taking it, Manhattan keep on making it
Trying to leave Queens out
But we was pulling them Beems out, them M3's out
Pumping bringing them D's out
Rastas selling chocolate weed inside of a weed house
Colosseum downstairs, gold teeth mouth
Astoria warriors, eight street, twin buildings
Vernon, can’t even count the Livingston children
Justice in Ravenswood, nice neighborhood
Caught sleeping out there, be a wrap though
Bridge niggas be up in Petey’s ten racks, yo
A simple bet on a serious cash flow
Get money, Manolo, welcome home Castro
Queensbridge unified all I ask for
Let's do it for DU, say what up to Snacks, yo
I just salute real niggas when I pass through, uhh...

Niggas is very hungry for that bank robbery
Bury money, trying to get to a Benz from a Hyundai
The Queens Courthouse right next to the cemetery
Niggas' rap sheets look like obituaries
You be starving in Kew Gardens
Bolognas and milk from a small carton
You could still feel chills from the team on 118
My nigga Bim fly by like it's a dream
His face on his Shirt Kings
Laced in a pinky ring, in his black Benz murking
Back when Black Rock and Ron was on the map
Cheeba in yellow sacks, dope sold in laundromats
Thugs bark, getting amped from weed
Over the heart of champions, see
Ever since back then, a nigga been about the dough
(You all know how the story GO!)

"Any other real niggas in the world besides us?" I ask
Probably is, but odds are we’ll never cross paths
Put your glass high if you made it out the stash spot
And here to tell a story and celebrate the glory
Drinks in the air for my niggas not here
This how we do, I see you DU
Queens to the heavens, salute the hood legends
Crack the Patrón, Hennessy and Glenlivets
Champagne bottles drowning out the sorrows
Hope the memories'll get us through tomorrow
I’m a real OG cause back in '93
Niggas couldn't fuck with me, sipping 'gnac since I was little
Laid back in a rental
Mouth shining, Eddie’s gold caps all up in the dental
Nigga getting money now
But you know I'm still mental but not simple
Put your glass high if you made it out the stash spot
And here to tell your story and celebrate the glory
Drinks in the air for my niggas not here
This for the fallen soldiers, hold it down, I told you
Pop another bottle and keep the smoke rolling

Watch the calm realest channel his mom's spirit
Goosebumps cover me, mother's here, I could feel her
Blood of Christ covers me, our savior and healer
Drug prices up or down, I know a few dealers
And some accident murderers, they act like they killed on purpose
Liars brag they put work in
You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin
Better stay on point, if not it's curtains
Bebo Posse reincarnated through me probably
If music money didn’t stop me
I never claimed to be the toughest
Though I'm to blame for a few faces reconstructed
It's the game that we was stuck with
Now I'm the only black in the club with rich Yuppie kids
Sad thing, this is the top, but where the hustlers went
No familiar faces around, ain't gotta grab the musket
It's all safe and sound, champagne by the bucket
Where them niggas I shouted out on my first shit
Bo cooking blow, fuck is Slate at? Where Turkey went?
Old videos show niggas that was murdered since
Another reason to get further bent
Put your glass high if you made it out the stash spot
And here to tell your story and celebrate the glory
Drinks in the air for my niggas not here
This for the fallen soldiers, hold it down, I told you
Pop another bottle and keep the smoke rolling
Lies and the pain
Betrayal; life

In danger’s face
Look what you’re facing, gave your heart away
And all the remedies couldn’t ease the pain
All the hurt and betrayal; need to get away
In a world so cold
You gain your life just to lose your soul
Never thinking twice bout what the future holds
All the lies and the games not worth fighting for

The world is an addiction
Serving up a fix
The world is an addiction
It's way too much for me

Snitches and rapists in the street, crime to the fullest
Asking niggas if they got any extra nine bullets
They deny me that, they know the bullets they loan me
Be the same ones that probably had them lying flat
Stretched out, letter T, it's better to dead a beef
Than let it breathe, then we don't succeed
Cause then you gotta murder dummies
Waste your time, they allergic to money
I'm never squirmish to blood
We can thug and get out of hand; what’s the options?
Only conclusion is shooting, bullets popping, hoodlums dropping
Fear any day that the feds will come knocking
Was young and nervous, asking myself what’s my purpose?
In the back of a paddy wagon, bracelets aching me
Pigs ignoring, I'm asking what precinct they taking me
These cops can’t relate to me, death to prison, empty vacancy

The world is an addiction
Serving up a fix
The world is an addiction
It's way too much for me

Thou shall not be selfish, real nigga commandments
Know a billionaire, he has everything but a fam
Guess how angry this man gets
Had so many bad chicks in his bed, strange sex, same sex
Has addictions that are sadistic, chain of events, habits
He puts cocaine on his prick and acts sick
Self-esteem needs boosting, alcohol consumption
Nicotine fusion, some athletes juicing
Pastors quote biblical chapters, Psalms
All along he’s into bestiality porn
And it’s wrong, so I keep the Cali weed in the bong
And I'm strong but the female anatomy got me sprung
And these women need shoes and baddest cars and condos
Fine clothes and these fiends needs to get high
So they find dough to mainline dope, and y'all know

The world is an addiction
Serving up a fix
The world is an addiction
It's way too much for me

So many vices, habits, mine of course, bad chicks
My response to any advice on what is the essentials of life
I'm just rebellious, not selfish
Guess we all share different definitions of what wealth is
I need the best things in life, that's women, that’s cars, cigars
A vintage bottle on ice that’s priceless
The other night, just in the emergency room
A patient said she needs to see a doctor soon
Doctor busy operating on a lady who's sedated
He can barely concentrate cause he’s newly separated
His estranged wife likes entertaining her acquaintance
In the house they were married in, mad people waiting
Some young some old, heads and stomachs aching
Filling out an application cause they all need medication
But the doctor need love or a quick vacation
Calling up his travel agent, same time, premeditating
Murdering his ex wife; life, savage ain't it
Some need Xanax just to maintain it
We all need faith cause the world keep changing
Let go of the illusion, start some restraining

Oooooooooooh-ahhhhhhhhh....
Ahhhhhhhh-ahhhhhh-ahhhhhh...ahhh..
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (... hold on)
Uh uh, yo
They plan was to knock me out the top of the game
But I overstand they truth is all lame
I hold cannons that shoot balls of flame
Right in they fat mouth then I carve my name
Nas – too real, Nas – true king
It's however you feel, go 'head, you swing
Your arms too short to box with God
I don't kill soloists, only kill squads
Fame went to they head, so now it's "Fuck Nas"
Yesterday you begged for a deal, today you tough guys
I seen it coming
Soon as I popped my first bottle
I spotted my enemies tryna do what I do
Came in with my style, so I fathered you
I kept changing on the world since "... Barbeque"
Now you wanna hang with niggas I hung with
Fuck bitches I hit, it's funny I once said
If I, ever make a record, I take a cheque
And put something away for a rainy day to make my exit
But look at me now, ten years deep
Since the project bench with crack in my sock, asleep
I never asked to be top of rap's elite
Just a ghetto child tryna learn the traps of the streets
But look at me now

You're the man, you're the man
You're the man, you're the man
You're the man, you're the man
You're the man, you're the man
You're the man, you're the man

Now wait a sec', give me time to explain, women and fast cars
And diamond rings can poison a rap star
Was suicidal, high, smoking so much lye
I saw a dead bird flying through a broken sky
Wish I could flap wings and fly away
To where black kings in Ghana stay
So I could get old, my flesh rot away
But that'll be the day when it's peace
When my gat don't need to spray
When these streets are safe to play
Sex with death, indulge in these women
Vision my own skeleton swimming in eternal fire
Broads play with pentagrams in they vagina
Like the Exorcist, then they gave birth to my seeds
I beg for God's help, why they love hurting me?
I'm your disciple, a thug certainly
I'm the N, the A to the S-I-R
If I wasn't, I must've been Escobar
.45 in my waist, staring at my reflection
In the mirror, sitting still in the chair like Mike Concepcion
When everything around me got cloudy
The chair became a king's throne, my destiny found me
It was clear why the struggle was so painful
Metamorphosis, this is what I changed to
And God, I'm so thankful

You're the man, you're the man
You're the man, you're the man
You're the man, you're the man
You're the man, you're the man
You're the man, you're the man
You're the man, you're the man
Yeah..

Ayo, it's poison: ecstasy, coke, you say it's love, it is poison
Schools where I learned, they should be burned, it is poison
Physicians prescriptin' us medicine which is poison
Doctors injectin' our infants with the poison
Religion misoverstood is poison
Niggas up in my hood be gettin' shot, given poison

In hospitals, shots riddle the block, little
Children and elderly women run for they lives
Drizzlin' rain come out the sky every time somebody dies
Must be out my fuckin' mind, what is this, the hundredth time?
Sendin' flowers to funerals, readin' Rest In Peace
You know, the usual, death comes in threes
"Life is short" is what some nigga said
Not if you measure life by how one lives and what he did
And funny how these black-killer companies is makin' money off us
Fast food, Cola, soda, Skull and Bone crosses – it's all poison

Ecstasy, coke, you say it's love, it is poison
Schools where I learned, they should be burned, it is poison
Physicians prescriptin' us medicine which is poison
Doctors injectin' our infants with the poison
Religion misoverstood is poison
Sisters up in my hood try to do good given choices

When pregnant, drop out of school or have abortions
Stop workin', hopin' that they find a man that will support them
Up late night, on they mother's cordless
Thinkin' a perm or bleachin' cream will make them better, when they're gorgeous
White girls tannin', liposuction
Fake titties are implanted, fake lips, that's life destruction
Light-skinned women, bi-racial
Hateful toward themselves, denyin' even their blood
I don't judge Tiger Woods
But I overstand the mental poison that's even worser than drugs

Yo, it's poison: ecstasy, coke, you say it's love, it is poison
Schools where I learned, they should be burned, it is poison
Physicians prescriptin' us medicine which is poison
Doctors injectin' our infants with the poison
Religion misoverstood is poison
Radio and TV poison, white Jesus poison
And any thoughts of takin' me down is poison
Who want beef now? My heat shall anoint 'em, PLAOW!

Never to worry, all the wrong-doers got it coming back to 'em a thousand times over
Every dog has its day, and everything flips around
Even the most greatest nation in the world has it coming back to 'em
Everybody reaps what they sews, that's how it goes
Innocent lives will be taken
It may get worse, but we'll get through it, y'all, be strong!

The China-men built the railroad, the Indians saved the Pilgrim
And in return the Pilgrim killed 'em
They call it Thanksgiving, I call your holiday "hell-day"
‘Cause I'm from poverty, neglected by the wealthy
Me and my niggas share gifts every day like Christmas
Slay bitches, and party everyday like this is the last
I'm with my heckles, connectin' and we hittin' the lab
This is my level, fuck if it get you mad

It's all poison: all of my words to enemies, it is poison
Rappers only talk about ki's, it's all poison
How could you call yourself MCs? You ain't poison
Think about the kids you mislead with the poison
And any thoughts of takin' me down is all poison
Who want beef now? My heat shall anoint 'em, plaow!

What goes around comes around, my nigga
And what goes up, it must come down, my nigga
The soldiers found below the ground, my nigga
Just hold it down, we older now, my nigga

This nigga Ike with the Iverson jersey, light-skinned with herpes
Fuckin' sisters in Harlem, Brooklyn and D.C.
This is the problem, ‘cause he never tell 'em he got it
From lettin' fags suck him off, Rikers Island in '93
Drives a Benz, hangs at all the parties
All the concerts, backstage where the stars be
Rockin' they shirts in bitches faces like clockwork
What's your name? Where you from?
Chain blingin', thinkin' girls everywhere is dumb
Takin' pride in ruinin' their lives
So they could never have babies and they could never be wives
He never used a condom; give him head? He got ya
Met the wrong bitch and now he dead from the monster AIDS
I contemplate, believin' in karma
Those on top could just break and won't be eatin' tomorrow
I know some bitches who be sleepin' on a nigga's dreams
They leave; when that nigga blow, she the first bitch on her knees
Knowin' dudes that's neglectin' their seeds
Instead of takin' care of 'em they're spendin' money on trees
I pray for you, deadbeat daddies
Cause when them kids get grown
It's too late for you: now you old and you gettin' shitted on
It's all scientific, mystic, you know, the Earth and the stars
Don't hesitate to say you heard it from Nas
What is destined shall be
George Bush-killer 'til George Bush kills me
Much blessings, be healthy, remember:

What goes around comes around, my nigga
And what goes up, it must come down, my nigga
The soldiers found below the ground, my nigga
Just hold it down, we older now, my nigga
Just like a rose
Everybody knows that you are so beautiful
But I feel a thorn on my hide
I should've known
We can't repair what we broke
But I held you close, too close
I should've left your roses at the door
They're sharper than before
And I don't want them no more
I should've left your roses at the door
They're sharper than before
And I don't need them no more

I have no time to give you guidance
Barely have any fuck time either
Hefner minded like I think you're fine, but
I seen the finest women that ever came out a beaver
Mind reader, can tell she vegan or not when I meet her
Or if she insecure, most are
If she's mixed, a possible psycho alert goes off
Not a judge, cause a judge don't wear no draws, yet he allows
Everything to go to your spouse when you end your vows
My tax bracket, not enough blacks have it
Who should I date -- Project chick or Cuban actress?
A White chick, they might flip talking that Blackness
Should only attract Black shit, I'm an ass magnet
If you mad at that, you'll be mad forever
Never played you, I prayed we would stay together
Wished it'd last forever, know what I mean
Heard you tear a rose from the roots, the rose screams

Just like a rose
Everybody knows that you are so beautiful
But I feel a thorn on my hide
I should've known
We can't repair what we broke
But I held you close, too close

Them Xanax can't manage your maniac manic depressive expressions
They some silent killers, that stress shit
That put ulcers in a lot of niggas
I'm blowing medical, it helps chill a violent temper
I done went to hell and back, you always think you right
You know when you wrong, and still you want to fight
When people like my song, you want to kill 'em, right?
You resent me every time I make a million, right?
You want to experience life when you calling all the shots
Ordering bottles for all your girls up in the spot
Have your own cash, own your own Benz
Your own house, everything, me I understand
Thought you would bask in the glory as Queen Bee
Put you on under Martin Scorsese: Mean Street
The first movie he made, thought that was fly
I thought you was flyer, you a fucking liar

Just like a rose
Everybody knows that you are so beautiful
But I feel a thorn on my hide
I should've known
We can't repair what we broke
But I held you close, too close
I should've left your roses at the door
They're sharper than before
And I don't want them no more
I should've left your roses at the door
They're sharper than before
And I don't need them no more
Light it, uhh
Light it up, uhh

The whole city is mine, prettiest Don
I don't like the way P. Diddy did Shyne with different lawyers
Why it's mentioned in my rhymes? Fuck it
It's just an intro, hate it or love it, like it, bump it or dump it
Write it, across the stomach spell "God son"
Life is like a jungle, black, it's like the habitat of Tarzan
Matter of fact it's harder than most can imagine
Most of my niggas packed in correctional facilities
Half of them passed on, Mack strong, couple of shots
Made the ghost leave a body, now they hauntin' the block
Where they used to stand at, somebody's takin' they place
A younger man perhaps, hand slaps, can't understand that
Same walk, same talk, I wonder can that be possible?
A thug dies, another step inside his shoes
And they will hurt you, layin' low with a bottle
I'm blowin' circles, my state of mind purple

Light it, light it, uhh
Yeah… light it up
Light it up, uhh

Y'all just wanna deal with drama
Talk about niggas who got things, y'all ready to kill his mama
Everything you into is underworld related
You sell your man out, not even your girl is sacred
You don't trust a soul, hold up, you moldin' soldiers
To pull guns quick and always look behind the shoulder
Think of how many dudes died tryna be down with you
Everybody's under six feet of ground but you
Still standin', still roamin' through the streets, that's real
You a survivor, knowin' all the beef is ill
You got a bunch of thugs with you even now that's ready
Trustin' your judgment, quick to put it down, they deadly
The hood love you, but behind your back they pray for the day
A bullet hit your heart and ambulances take you away
That ain't love, it's hate, think of all the mothers at wakes
Whose sons you killed and you ain't got a cut on your face?
Unmarked police cars roam the streets hard, the heat is God
Somebody tell these shorties reach for the stars
Instead they tell 'em how to reach through the bars holdin' a mirror
Lookin' down a tear in jail, makin' weapons to kill ya
Weed smoke, three tokes, nigga, pour more Henny
He sighs with eyes that seen a war too many
Cold-blooded murderers, universal
Hood to hood, blowin' smoke, state of mind is purple

Light it up, light it up, light it up, uhh
Light it up… light it up, light it up, uhh
Uhh… uhh, uhh, light it, light it, uhh

These hot-headed youngsters always get into trouble
Reactin' before thinkin', they easily irritated
And murder's premeditated, it's a fact that we sinkin'
When we should be climbin', in a nutshell, it's just jail, drug sales, liquor and diamonds, niggas rewindin'
Instead of movin' forward to blow up, so what's the science?
People shoutin', police pushin' the crowd
And on the ground's a young soldier with meat hangin' out him
Am I hallucinatin' off the hazin'?
Or did I just see a nigga shoot another nigga's face in?
It's a ugly nation, cops circle the block with mug shots
Photograph pictures of suspect faces
It's usually two or three niggas who innocent
But if they lock the wrong ones up, then someone'll snitch
A divide-and-fall strategy, they aren't fair
I dig in my bag of weed that's covered with orange hair
This Color Purple, will make Whoopi give me the pussy
And Celie, Oprah and Danny Glover gots to feel me
This is how I escape the madness
Too much of anything'll hurt you, so my state of mind's all purple
QB… where the fuck y'all at?
Ha… yeah, let's go!
Gets money!

Chain gleamin', switchin' lanes, two-seater
Hate him or love him for the same reason (fresh)
Can't leave it, the game needs him
Plus the people need someone to believe in (yes)
So in God's Son we trust
'Cause they know I'ma give 'em what they want
They lookin' for a (hero)
I guess that makes me a (hero)

Another chapter of the cleanest rapper, distinguished gentlemen
Crooks & Castle on his back, Maybacher
Exotic lady eye-catcher, holla at ya, call me the chiropractor
Workin' like Muay Thai class, get perspire out ya
And of course I've been the boss since back when
Rockin' D Boy, Fila velour in one-ninety black Benz
Now they shut down the stores when I'm shoppin'
Used to be train robbin', face covered in stockin'—I'm him

Chain gleamin', switchin' lanes, two-seater
Hate him or love him for the same reason (fresh)
Can't leave it, the game needs him
Plus the people need someone to believe in (yes)
So in God's Son we trust
'Cause they know I'ma give 'em what they want
They lookin' for a (hero)
I guess that makes me a (hero)

Rubber-grip-holder, reloader
Come at me, I'ma rip your soliders in half
Silverback ape, nickel-plated mag
Young, rich and flashy; young bitch, I'm nasty
All black clothes 'til ice lay on me so classy
And every time I close my lids
I can still see the borough, I can still see the Bridge
I can still see the dreams that my niggas ain't never lived to see
Tell them angels open the door for me
From nine Berettas and movin' raw
To chillin' in wine cellars, sticks and humidors
That's what I call mature
That's what I call a G, that's what I call a pimp
That's what I call a gangsta, to the fullest, shit
I try to make more cream
By every September 14th, that's my dream
So I can be more clean, as I grow yearly
I can see things more clearly, that's why they fear me (let's go!)

Chain gleamin', switchin' lanes, two-seater
Hate him or love him for the same reason (fresh)
Can't leave it, the game needs him
Plus the people need someone to believe in (yes)
So in God's Son we trust
'Cause they know I'ma give 'em what they want
They lookin' for a (hero)
I guess that makes me a (hero)

This universal apartheid, I'm hog-tied, the corporate side
Blockin' y'all from goin' to stores and buyin' it
First L.A. and Doug Morris was ridin' with it
But Newsweek article startled big wigs
They said "Nas, why is he tryin' it?"
My lawyers only see the Billboard charts as winnin'
Forgettin' Nas the only true rebel since the beginnin'
Still in musical prison, in jail for the flow
Try tellin' Bob Dylan, Bruce or Billy Joel
They can't sing what's in their soul
So "Untitled" it is
I never change nothin', but people remember this
If Nas can't say it, think about these talented kids
With new ideas bein' told what they can and can't spit
I can't sit and watch it, so shit, I'ma drop it
Like it or not, you ain't gotta cop it
I'm a hustler in the studio, cups of Don Julio
No matter what the CD called, I'm unbeatable y'all, let's go!

Yeah, Nas, Polow da Don
I know you can feel the magic, baby
Turn the motherfuckin' lights down
Esco, whattup? (Whattup, homie?)
I mean, it's what you expected, ain't it? (Hahaha)
Let's go... uhh, uh, uhh, uh, uhh, uh
Turn the music up in the headphones
Uh, yeah, that's perfect (yeah, right, right)
Uhh, uh, you gotta take ya time, make a nigga wait on this muh'fucka (hahaha!)
Make niggas mad and shit like
Niggas usually just start rappin' after four bars, nigga, go in!
Just start dancin' in this muh'fucka
Yeah, (yeah) we just come outta nowhere

I feel like a black republican, money I got comin' in
Can't turn my back on the hood, I got love for them
Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him (nah)
Probably end up back in the hood, like, "Fuck it then"

Huddlin' over the oven, we was like brothers then (what?)
Though you was nothin' other than a son of my mother's friend
We had covenant, who would've thought the love would end?
Like Ice Cold's album (uhh), all good things
Never thought we sing the same song that all hoods sang
Thought it was all wood-grain, all good brain
We wouldn't bicker like the other fools, talk good game
Never imagine all the disaster that one good reign, could bring
Should blame, the game, and I could
It's kill or be killed, how could I refrain?
And forever be in debt, and that's never a good thing
So the pressure for success can put a good strain
On a friend you call best, and yes it could bring
Out the worst in every person, even the good and sane
Although we rehearsed it, it just ain't the same
When you put in the game at age sixteen
Then you mix things: like cars, jewelry, and miss thing
Jealousy, ego, and pride, and this brings
It all to a head like a coin, cha-ching
The root of evil strikes again, this could sting
Now the team got beef between the Post and the Point
This puts the ring in jeopardy – indefinitely

I feel like a black republican, money I got comin' in
Can't turn my back on the hood, I got love for them (uhh, uhh)
Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him (nah)
Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like, "Fuck it then"
I feel like a black militant takin' over the government
Can't turn my back on the hood, too much love for them (nah)
Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him
Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like, "Fuck it then"

I'm back in the hood, they like, "Hey Nas" (uh)
Blowin' on purp, reflectin' on they lives (uh)
Couple of fat cats, couple of A.I.'s
Dreamin' of fly shit instead of them gray skies
Gray 5s, hatah's wishin' our reign dies
Pitch, sling pies, and niggas they sing, "Why"? (uhh)
Guess they ain't strong enough to handle their jail time
Weak minds keep tryin', follow the street signs
I'm standing on the roof of my building
I'm feelin' the whirlwind of beef, I inhale it
Just like an acrobat ready to hurl myself, through the hoops of fire
Sippin' 80 proof, bulletproof under my attire
Could it be the forces of darkness
Against hood angels of good, that form street politics?
Makes a sweet honest kid, turn illegal for commerce (uhh)
To get his feet out of them Converse – that's my word

I feel like a black republican, money keep comin' in
Can't turn my back on the hood, I got love for them (uhh, uhh)
Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him (nah)
Probably end up back in the hood, ah, "Fuck it then"
I feel like a black militant takin' over the government
Can't turn my back on the hood, too much love for them
Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him
Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like, "Fuck it then"
Alchemist, you know me, man
I'm the type of nigga that write rhymes
Right on the spot in the studio soon as I hear the track
You know what I'm sayin'?
Word, but I wanted to bring
A couple of books to the studio today, man
I found these shits up in the crib, man, in boxes, man
I don't even remember when I was writin' these shits
Or what's in these shits, man
Probably a bunch of bullshit, man… fuck it, check it

How can I trust you when I can't trust me?
Picture myself a old man, a O.G.
Some niggas will conversate with liars all day
Time pass— (Nah, let me start somethin' else)
Soul on ice, death threats given by clowns
I guess livin' is prison when you live around clowns
I'm hexed, cursed, worse I been blessed first
I thought I was abnormal
‘Cause I would overcome any tasked called to
So there it is, I'm a prince, I'm against lames
Who do minor shit, swear they on the top of they game
Your rhymin' is called "Vagina Monologue," it kinda supports
Theories of scary niggas who should lie in the morgue
Rarely y'all come in contact with the real
Since Pun passed, he was the last shine of sun I could feel
Yo, said there's a few left since music's expressions of life
Damn, I wish I took more time to write in my book of rhymes

Oh shit, Tina!
I been lookin' for this bitch number, damn
No, this rhyme is weak
This is weak, I remember this bullshit right here
(My book of rhymes)
Gandhi was a… what the fuck?

Gandhi was a fool, nigga, fight to the death
The US Army is a school that teach you plights of conquest
(I wonder when I wrote this… nah, it's weak)
The money's your religion, sky the limit, live life
Numbers is big business, makes the poor live trife
The glimmers of hope provoke those without dollars to dream
Through your existence become wealthy, knowledge is king
Pimps and card sharks, thiefs, murderers with hard luck
Addicts and fiends prostitutes passin' for teens is my society
Cops that shoot blacks is routine for notoriety
Grow up watchin' well-dressed niggas with charms
Beautiful ladies on their arms
Dangerous new cars was my fantasy for Nas
Rubbin' my lips with Campophenique
Still behind the ears wet, turned out to be
Pioneers vets amongst hustlers, crack sellers, and liars and squares
(Nah, that was weak there)
My people be projects or jail, never Harvard or Yale
Pardon me type in my two-way while I'm chargin' my cell
It's hard to be iced up with Gucci, God, poverty's real
I can't fight you, ‘cause you would sue me, niggas be groupies
I see imitators tryin' to make albums, spittin' my style
And they don't even realize that I notice they stealin' Nas' shit
I pump some Rick James with that Teena Marie
My nina lean on me like Scoob and Scrap
This can't be my book of rhymes

This can't be my book of rhymes, writin' this bullshit!
(My book of rhymes)
Nah, neva that! Fuck that!
Aw, why you laughin', Alchemist?
Hah, you a funny nigga...
Naw, yeah (My book of rhymes)
I'm tellin' you, I'ma come up with some new shit now
Fuck that! I'ma write again now, fuck that!
I musta been high on some shit… what the fuck is this?!

Look how we treat pregnancy, women in the hood
Our values so low, our values are no good
Things our mothers told us we should've heeded
‘Cause now we need it, we older, almost able t—
I'm jealous of you, how come you so beautiful?
Smellin' fresh, youthful, intelligent, while I'm stressin' and shit
Ayo, I envy you ‘cause all you do is smile
And things come your way
Such a innocent child is what some say
I get upset ‘cause I just want to be treated the way you are
Like a star, not a worry in this world thus far
But wait a minute, we both need your mother's attention
I must be crazy, jealous of my own baby infant (Kinda crazy)
Listen up, gangstas and honies with your hair done
Pull up a chair, hon', and put it in the air, son
Dog, whatever they call you, God, just listen
I spit a story backwards, it starts at the endin'
The bullet goes back in the gun
The bullet holes close in the chest of this nigga
Now he back to square one, screamin', "shoot don't please"
I put my fifth back on my hip, it's like a VCR rewindin' a hit
He put his hands back on his bitch, my caravan doors open up
I jumped back in the van and closed it shut
Goin' reverse, slowly prepared
My nigga Jungle utters out somethin' crazy like, "go he there"
Sittin' in back of this chair, we hittin' the roach
The smoke goes back in the blunt
The blunt gets bigger in growth
Jungle unrolls it, put his weed back in the jar
The blunt turns back into a cigar
We listen to Stevie, it sounded like heavy metal fans
Spinnin' records backwards of AC/DC
I give my niggas dap, jump out the van, back first
Back upstairs, took off the black shirt
I'm in the crib with the phone to my ear
Listen up so y'all can figure out the poem real clear
The voice on the phone was like, "outside right we"
So with my mouth wide, holdin' my heat
Bullets I had plenty to squeeze, plenty for you
'Cause Jungle said, "block your on enemy's the"
Hung up the phone, then the phone rang
I'm laid in the bed, thinkin' about this pretty young thing
Who left, she came back, her clothes just fell to the rug
She fell to my bed and gave me a hug
I told her, "no hell," she talkin' about, "me kiss"
Bobbed her head then spit a nut back in my dick
Started suckin' with no hands, a whole lot of spit
Then got up and put her bra back on her tits
Got fully dressed and told me, "stressed really I'm"
Picked up her Gucci bag and left a nigga behind
Walkin' through the door, she rang the bell twice
I vomited vodka back in my glass with juice and ice
The clock went back from three to two to one
And that's about the time the story begun
That's when I first heard the voicemail on the cell
It said: "Son, we found that nigga we gotta kill."

*Message Beep*
Ayo son, ayo son, you hear me, you hear me?
Listen, man, this dude right on the block
Right now, man, I found him, right now
I see him right now, let's kill him!
*Message Beep*
"Yo, this Nas, leave it: peace."
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Or save it all for you?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I fill the tank up, put gas
And be out the front door in a flash?
Before reconsidering this hell with you
It ain't you, it's the thing you do (do)
It's tearing my heart in two
I would've fell with you, to Hell with you

If Heaven was a mile away, and you could ride by the gates
Would you try to run inside when it opens
Would you try to die today?
Would you pray louder, finally believe in His power
Even if you couldn't see Him, but you could feel Him
Would you still doubt Him?
How would you start actin'?
Would you try to put the keys down, thinkin' every drug sale that you make in the streets he can see now?
Would a fiend even want to get high? Would he stop smokin'
If he knew on his own two feet he could just stroll in?
To get away and escape from the craziness
And I bet you there's a Heaven for a atheist
It's hard takin' this, racist planet
Where they take a younger brother in a hand-cuff
Even if he innocent, "Nigga, get on the car!
Put your motherfuckin' hands up!"
Thinkin' I'ma lose it, my mom's in chemo
Three times a week yo, keep tryin', but people, it's hard
And God, your young soldier's not so bold but needs you
This world's my home, but world, I will leave you

(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Or save it all for you?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I fill the tank up, put gas
And be out the front door in a flash?
Before reconsidering this hell with you
It ain't you, it's the thing you do (do)
It's tearing my heart in two
I would've fell with you, to Hell with you

Nigga, what you think, I'ma stop building?
I'ma stop feelin' like I'm Amistad's great-great-grandchildren?
How I'm not gonna want to make millions
Since the quarter water days, in the hallways
Makin' fake gold caps
With the Reeses Pieces wrapper in my mouth all day
But then my style has quite a while
That same type as Ill and Al Skratch
Game time took 'em cats, never looked back
Cristal, blowin' dub sacks
That's when it all just hit me: you see, the broads and Bentleys
Is nothin' unless my niggas spend it all with me
I'd give it all away quickly
Just to hear them all about some new kicks free
Of any autographs, and not to be recognized, forgive me
It's becomin' unbearable, makin' hits is easy
Put a famous bitch on a hook, there you go with a platinum CD
I know you heard the noise, preachers touchin' on alter boys
Sodomizin', not realizin' God is watchin', before the Lord
How could they do the Devil's work?
A man give another man head in Church
Hell, it hurts just to fathom the thought, wishin' that I fled the earth

(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Or save it all for you?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I fill the tank up, put gas
And be out the front door in a flash?
Before reconsidering this hell with you
It ain't you, it's the thing you do (do)
It's tearing my heart in two
I would've fell with you, to Hell with you

You trapped in your own hell
Every day I wake up I'm blessed
Every day you wake up and breathe another breath, you blessed
To all them niggas runnin' around
Talkin' about, "I'm fucked up," "I got to get on," "I got to…"
"I'm in the grind," "I'm fucked up"
Yeah, we all in the grind
But look at the beautiful shit around you, it's a beautiful life
All my niggas locked up, keep ya heads up
Heaven's just a mile away
I'm talkin' Heaven on Earth, ain't got nothin' to do with money
Got nothin' to do with nothin' material
I'm talkin' about Heaven in your own heart
In your own world, baby, in your own existence
To my moms, look at me, baby
I love you, girl, your boy's shinin', God's son
Ayo, Queens get the money, niggas still screaming, paper chasing
Where presidential candidates is planning wars
With other nations, over steak with Masons
Pregnant teens give birth to intelligent gangsters
They daddies faceless
Play this by your stomach, let my words massage it and rub it
I'll be his daddy if there's nobody there to love it
Tell him his name's Nasir, tell him how he got here
Mama was just having fun with someone above her years
Niggas is still hating, talking that Nas done fell off with rhyming
He'd rather floss with diamonds
They pray "Please God, let him spit that Uzi in the army lining
That shorty doo-wop rolling oo-wops in the park reclining"
Take 27 emcees put 'em in a line and they're out of alignment
My assignment since he said retirement
Hiding behind 8 Mile and The Chronic
Gets rich but dies rhyming
This is high science
Now add 23 more from Queens to B-more
I'm over their heads like a bulimic on a seesaw
Now that's 50 porch monkeys ate up at the same time
Nasty Nasdaq, y'all gon' bow holmes, this Dow Jones
.80 cal chrome, needed time alone to zone
The mack left his iPhone and his 9 at home
My queen used her Milkshake to bring y'all to my slaughterhouses
I do this for the group home kids in boarding houses
This that nigga shit that's on the album
For the niggas inside the chalk line in 40 houses
Bring back Arsenio
Hip-hop was aborted so Nas breathes life, back into the embryo
Let us make man in our image, spit it, I'm Huey P in Louis V
At the eulogy throwing Molotovs for Emmett
You ain't as hot as I is
All of these false prophets is not messiahs
You don't know how high the sky is
The square mileage of Earth or what pi is
I'm the shaky hand that touched George Foreman in Zaire
The same hand that punched down devils that brought down the Towers
DJ Hot Day...

This kind of love is a once in a lifetime groove
Reach out and touch the love that I have for you, aww baby
I see you standing there
So lost and all alone
I wanna take you in my arms
And tell you that you’re home
I look into your eyes
I said I know you very well
I see a mirror of my life
A reflection of myself

3:45AM can't sleep, can't dream
I'm stuck, money problems pop up
How will I survive?
Guess it's best to decide not to decide
So that's my decision
Whatever happens happens
I keep making my millions
Can see myself in Presidential campaign dinners
But I'm passing blunts around a bunch of gang members
When you're too hood to be in them Hollywood circles
And you're too rich to be in that hood that birthed you
And you become better than legends you thought were the greatest
And outgrow women you loved and thought you could stay with
Life become clearer when you wipe down your mirror
And leave notes around for yourself to remember
I like to teach and build
With brothers about how easy it is to reach a mil
All you need is some skill, then it’s grind time
Imagination better than knowledge, says Einstein
It’s all in the mind
Nasty the nicest, I'm somewhat of a psychic
Just one minute after it's heard
You all'll recite it, you all'll repeat it
You'll call me a genius, if you didn't
Now that I said it I forced you to think it
Write in my little vignettes, sipping Moët
Bitch when you vision me, you vision the best
When I was young they called me Olu’s son
Now he's Nas' father, I was the good seed
He was the wise gardener

This kind of love is a once in a lifetime groove
Reach out and touch the love that I have for you, aww baby
I see you standing there
So lost and all alone
I wanna take you in my arms
And tell you that you’re home
I look into your eyes
I said I know you very well
I see a mirror of my life
A reflection of myself

Yeah, what y'all know about this..
Yo, beautiful life, often I dream that I can bring my niggas
Conservatives don’t understand slang linguistics
The burbs talking like the hood will change with quickness
Love the skinny model chicks but I prefer the thickness
So what I rap about my riches and I'm ostentatious
Get out a gangsta's business, seems to me your thoughts are basic
Try to compare what you live to the life I master
See the fly shit I wear, you try to rock it after
Big bracelets, golden Egyptian faces
White wine spritzers and Switzerland on vacation
The strip club scene favors Josephine Baker
Dope fiend neighbors, growing up I seen paper
I describe it, hope you can visualize it
This is reminiscent to all the parks in the project
When my British Knights can rival your Foamposites
Don’t make me pull my Lottos out the closet
Don't make me pull my Lottos out the closet
Ha ha ha

This kind of love is a once in a lifetime groove
Reach out and touch the love that I have for you, aww baby
I see you standing there
So lost and all alone
I wanna take you in my arms
And tell you that you’re home
I look into your eyes
I said I know you very well
I see a mirror of my life
A reflection of myself

You remind me, ohhhhhhhhhh
Yes it's true baby, ahh yeah
Y'all niggas better not be coming around me with that fugazi no more, you know? Got that thang for your ass, you know?
(I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna
I'm gonna have to leave you)

A vet stylin' at Met Gala, tuna salad from La Scala
Black sweats, swallow a lot of reefer
God, it hard to quit the bottom feeder, lobster eater
When I fast, I see Elijah's features
A million cash for a Nas feature
Nas cheaper, do it for free if you do it for me
52 bar verse if the beat is movin' me
Stumble through customs, coppin' Cubans at the Duty Free
Layin' on the most expensive beds, still I'm losin' sleep
Next to Jet's Beauty of the Week 1993
Chin-grabber, neck-choker, in-her-mouth-spitter
Blouse-ripper, ass-gripper, that dig-you-out nigga
I ain't gon' hold you, old head gave me old news
I don't owe you, shoulda heard when I told you
You are an extension of what I've worked hard to build
You believe in your own lies, can't be real
And the odds is that what you love can kill you
Like a heart physician who dies from a heart attack
I know the consumer behavior, I target that
You impressed with what they wearin', I started that

It's kinda terrific, the product of Slick Rick
Somebody woulda told me then I would come outta this shit rich
And start up a business, I woulda thought they was playin'
All them niggas I ran with, all that weight they was weighin'
A light bulb switched in my mind at the classes I cut
Just a spazz, puttin' wax in the blunt
The baddest I want, she wear Lipmatic to front
We building businesses, you can be mad if you want
It's bubbly 'til it's bubbles we see
Drinkin' like Dean Martin is nothin' to me
The spirits is somethin' I can't part and it's fun to be me
So cheers, here's to the Kanye production this eve
War of the Roses, it's war, baby
My nigga High said it's me, I drive 'em all crazy

(I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna)
The Wiz f/ Nipsey Russell - "What Would I Do If I Could Feel"
"But that's the whole tragic point my friends
What would I do if I could suddenly feel
And to know once again that what I feel is real?
I could cry, I could smile
I might lay back for awhile
Tell me what, what, what would I do if I could feel?"

I was young, I was survivin' the times
Waitin' for my moment, I was destined to shine
Little Ray had an NSX, I was hopin' I'm next
Wantin' bracelets, never had a rope on my neck
Unless I was holdin' Taiyeh chain – Rest In Peace
Even though that night you flipped on us, you warned us
If you came back and we still on the corners, we goners
Movin' on to move your arm in your watch
To another time on the block
‘Cause this 40 Side where they say shorty rhyme
Tragedy, he used to come through all the time
I'm talkin' Juice Crew, not what the word define
He had a sister named Erin, for sure was fine
That was my first crush, I bought my first mic
I wrote my first verse, I was about nine
I was about mine, fantasize house buyin'
Met Paul, he wore some big glasses
Him and Melquan took me where G Rap lived
I was happy just gettin' some answers
I ain't even know what a record advance was
I'm seein' hoes sex in the studio bathroom
With rap dudes, thinkin', "Wow, she moved me!"
Same girl then right now's a groupie
Back then she was like the star in a movie
Large jewelry and expensive Gucci
Next stop, Paid In Full posse recruits me
Knew they were some millionaires, their ropes were dookie
Eric B man lookin' like touch it, he shoot me
You see, every time Ra didn't show
I get to record demos at attempts to blow
I wonder, could they tell? How did they know?
Sixteen years later, here I go

"What-what, what-what, what would I do?" 4X

I'm with Akinyele in the street, tryin' to get us a deal
G Rap tried to get us to sign to Cold Chill
But Fly Ty didn't have the contract we wanted
Clark Kent just signed Das, he didn't want us
Russell said I sounded like G, the nigga fronted
Reef and Matty C offered me a little money
Shit a little funny, feel a little laughter
Rebel of Hip-Hop comin' through a white rapper
My boy MC Serch, nevertheless
Took me to Columbia, back then CBS
Chris Schwartz, RuffHouse, he was the best man
Now buggin' because the label had just dropped Def Jam
Could you picture Russell needin' a check, man?
But he smart, he plotted a plan for Polygram
Life is ill, again life's a movie
Then the roster's Cypress Hill, Nas and Fugees
Before I sold records, no promotion
The rap world like, "What's all this commotion?"
Went plat, mad bottles I'm toastin'
20/20 hindsight, but how did they know then?

"What-what, what-what, what would I do?" 4X

Invincible, lyrical, miracle man
Uh, but back to the matter at hand
‘Cause 10 years ago we all strived to be 25
Some cats didn't make it alive
Dated some stars but respect their privacy
Copped mad cars, layin' back in the driver's seat
Held myself down, just steerin' the wheel
Here I am, completed my whole record deal

"What-what, what-what, what would I do?" 4X

"What would I do
If I could reach inside of me
And to know how it feels
To say I like what I see?"
(Bonjour)
I should be more mature, sure, I'm spoiled
Hit up the south of France after tour, bonjour (bonjour)
How many girls pre-bate right before they date
So she can have restraint? She still get slayed (bonjour)
That's ill behavior, want the whip matted
Want her ass the fattest, beat it: Thriller jacket
A street metaphor: if your dog piss on the floor
Put his nose in it, check these niggas from the door

Oooh oooh La la, Oui-oui amour
Plenty of kisses, plein de bisous
Good day and best wishes
Comment allez-vous?
Bonjour

Eat at selective kitchens, speak on our next intentions
Over-creamy Polenta, it come chef recommended (bonjour)
Come through the side entrance; I arrive, bitches
Crackheads still owe me from '89 fixes (bonjour)
Havin' drinks in Vegas, my business
She didn't see me comin', now she's an eyewitness
Laissez le bon temps rouler
Say ahh so the kids could play

Oooh oooh La la, oui-oui amour
Plenty of kisses, plein de bisous
Good day and best wishes
Comment allez-vous?
Bonjour

Vacation, twisted, whatever happened, missed it
Vacations I didn't like, put myself through a guilt trip (bonjour)
All these beautiful places, but the cities be poor
You wealthy when your kid's upbringin' better than yours
All this money we gettin' could be gone in a minute
If we don't invest it—we long-term affected
Watch who you gettin' pregnant, that's long-term stressin'
I got a mil for every bump on your face, that's what I call a blessin'
Flexin'

My head looks straight up
And I'm wonderin', "What did I do?" (bonjour)
She looked at me like, "Damn, did I surprise you?"
Sure enough, as the sky's blue, she turned back around
And walked back down the avenue (bonjour)
She's waitin' for the right cue (bonjour)
I'm waitin' for the right clue (bonjour)

(oooh oooh La la, oui-oui amour)
She be leavin', still I smell of eau de parfum
She can't run 'cause I got Cinderella's right shoe
In that white gown that I be seein' right through
Crowd obscurin' my view
There's nothin' left to argue (bonjour)
At least there's not from my view (bonjour)
Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang
Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang
Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang
Oo-chie wally wally
He really really really work my body
He really really really turned me out
He really really really got to gut me
He really really made me scream and shout
He really taught me how to work my body
He really taught me how to go down south
He really really tried to hurt me hurt me
I really love his thug and gangsta style

Yo we got chicks in the living room getting it on and
They ain't leaving till 6 in the morning
"O" is for oochie
Oh you ain't know how many O's in the bankroll
Sort of like the game show, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
But my name ain't Regis
Nas the one they call when they want their thing beat up
Honeys with bodies with Bravehearts, guns in the party
Waves, braids, and baldies, trademark's the army
Is that Horse? It must be, I heard he husky
Yeah, there go Jungle, eyes red looking for trouble
And that's Nas dancing with dimes but who his man is?
The imperial thug, it's cold D Grand Wiz
We taking honeys to the crib tonight
Guarantee we gon' get up in they rib tonight
Check the new slang, it's changed, the Braveheart gang, man
When you see me pass then holler oochie bang bang


Yeah what up ma? Take a look, you hypnotized
On how my long dick stretch your insides
For real ma, with your thick lips and thick thighs
Stroke both holes, pass it to Nas
Or pass it to Naish, or pass it to Jung
Or pass it to Horse, then that ass getting tossed
Fuck a Hustler book, Penthouse or Black Tail
I got bitches sending my niggas flicks in jail
I fuck a bitch face more than her waist for real
And ain't no pussy like new pussy that's how a nigga feel
Bust three times, throw her the peace sign, she sleep
Then my dick sleep and I ain't gotta call her for weeks
Long leg hoes, mo'head hoes, married bitches
Me and my dog fucking them both they got us switching
Is the nigga gangsta? Yeah, that's how I'm living
That's how I'm playing - I got these freak fucking hoes singing


Little young thing go around my dick with your tongue ring
Deep throat my nine inch, gut from the front and
Grind from the side and fuck from behind and
Grab her hair slap her ass, she screaming like she dying
Make her cum four times without even trying
I'll beat that pussy up there's no denying
Hit her where she doodie at, make the booty fat
Little cutie rat walking by with the doobie wrap
Tight blue jeans, Air Max, small Gucci bag
No loot and no job, stay home giving blow jobs
Like no prob, it's simple
Holla out the window it's the project nympho
Fuck my whole crew, you know how we do
You got that good pussy I can share with my people
Be a brave girl, do your thang
Let them titties hang, I'll have all the bitches saying


When it comes to sex I'm similar to the Thriller in Manilla
Bitches call me Horse the pussy filler
I'll fuck a big boned or slim chick
Beat that pussy up real quick then send home the bitch
Ain't no sleeping in my bedroom when Henny's in my dick
When Flex drop the bomb I bust a nut on this bitch
Deep throat, ceaser gold or pun wicked hoes
Who like the way I thug and the way I flow
I like head in the Benz, the four door or the Coupe
Head in the staircase, the cellar or the roof
Head in the studio, the bathroom or the booth
Head from a project chick or one with crazy loot
Like Nia Long in a cherry thong with the lights on
Sipping Perignon with Kelly Price on
I pull out my python, I hit it while my wife's gone
Long dick the bitch all night, I'll make her pussy sing the song