
Feels like we're on the edge right now
I wish that I could say I'm proud
I'm sorry that I let you down
Let you down
All these voices in my head get loud
I wish that I could shut them out
I'm sorry that I let you down
Le-le-let you down

Yeah, I guess I'm a disappointment, doin' everything I can
I don't wanna make you disappointed, it's annoying
I just wanna make you feel like everything I ever do
Was never tryna make an issue for you, but I guess the more you
Thought about everything you were never even wrong
In the first place, right? Yeah, I'ma just ignore you
Walking towards you with my head down
Lookin' at the ground, I'm embarrassed for you
Paranoia, what did I do wrong this time?
That's parents for you
Very loyal? Shoulda had my back
But you put a knife in it—my hands are full
What else should I carry for you?
I cared for you, but…

Feels like we're on the edge right now
I wish that I could say I'm proud
I'm sorry that I let you down
Le-le-let you down
All these voices in my head get loud
I wish that I could shut them out
I'm sorry that I let you down
Le-le-let you down

Yeah, you don't wanna make this work
You just wanna make this worse
Want me to listen to you, but you don't ever hear my words
You don't wanna know my hurt yet
Let me guess, you want an apology, probably
How can we keep going at a rate like this?
We can't, so I guess I'ma have to leave
Please, don't come after me
I just wanna be alone right now, I don't really wanna think at all
Go ahead, just drink it off
Both know you're gonna call tomorrow like nothing's wrong
Ain't that what you always do?
I feel like every time I talk to you, you're in an awful mood
What else can I offer you?
There's nothing left right now, I gave it all to you

Feels like we're on the edge right now
I wish that I could say I'm proud
I'm sorry that I let you down
Le-le-let you down
All these voices in my head get loud
I wish that I could shut them out
I'm sorry that I let you down
Le-le-let you down

Yeah, don't talk down to me
That's not gonna work now
Packed all my clothes and I moved out
I don't even wanna go to your house
Every time I sit on that couch
I feel like you lecture me, eventually, I bet that we
Could have made this work
And prolly woulda figured things out
But I guess I'm a letdown
But it's cool, I checked out
Oh, you wanna be friends now?
Okay, let's put my fake face on and pretend now
Sit around and talk about the good times that didn't even happen
I mean, why are you laughing?
Must have missed that joke, let me see if I can find a reaction
No, but at least you're happy

Feels like we're on the edge right now
I wish that I could say I'm proud
I'm sorry that I let you down
Oh, I let you down
All these voices in my head get loud
And I wish that I could shut them out
I'm sorry that I let you down
Oh, let you down

I'm sorry
I'm so sorry now
I'm sorry that I let you down
How could you leave so unexpected?
We waited, we waited
For you, but you just left us
We needed you, I needed you

Yo, I don't know what it's like to be addicted to pills
But I do know what it's like to be a witness, it kills
Mama told me she loved me, I'm thinkin' this isn't real
I think of you when I get a whiff of that cigarette smell, yeah
Welcome to the bottom of hell
They say pain is a prison, let me out of my cell
You say you proud of me, but you don't know me that well
Sit in my room, tears running down my face and I yell
Into my pillowcases, you say you coming to get us
Then call 'em a minute later just to tell us you not, I'm humiliated
I'm in a room with a parent that I don't barely know
Some lady in the corner watching us while she's taking notes
I don't get it mom, don't you want to watch your babies grow?
I guess pills are more important, all you have to say is "no"
But you won't do it, will you? You gon' keep popping, 'til those pills kill you
I know you're gone, but I can still feel you

Why would you leave us? Why would you leave us here?
How could you leave us here?
How could you leave us? Why would you leave us? Oh
Hey

I got this picture in my room and it kills me
But I don't need a picture of my mom, I need the real thing
Now a relationship is something we won't ever have, but why do I feel like I lost something that I never had?
You should have been there when I graduated
Told me you loved me and congratulations, instead you left us at the window waitin'
Where you at mom?
We're too young to understand, where you at, huh?
Yeah, I know them drugs have got you held captive
I can see it in your eyes, they got your mind captured
Some say it's fun to get the high, but I am not laughin'
And what you don't realize and what you not graspin'
That I was nothing but a kid, who couldn't understand it
I ain't gon' say that I forgive you 'cause it hasn't happened
I thought that maybe I'd feel better as time passes
If you really cared for me, then where you at then?

Why would you leave us? Why would you leave us here?
How could you leave us here?
How could you leave us? Why would you leave us? Oh
Hey

Our last conversation, you and I sat in the living room
Talkin' 'bout my music and I brought you some to listen to
You started cryin', telling me "this isn't you"
A couple weeks later, guess you were singin' a different tune
You took them pills for the last time, didn't you?
They took you from us once, I guess they came back to finish you
Cryin' my eyes out in the studio is difficult
Music is the only place that I can go to speak to you
It took everything inside of me, not to scream at your funeral
Sittin' in my chair, that person talkin' was pitiful
I wish you were here, mama, but every time I picture you
All I feel is pain, I hate the way I remember you
They found you on the floor, I could tell you felt hollow
Gave everything you had, plus your life to them pill bottles
You gave everything you had, plus your life to them pill bottles
Don't know if you hear me or not, but if you're still watching, why?

Why would you leave us? Why would you leave us here?
How could you leave us here?
How could you leave us? Why would you leave us? Oh
Hey

Sometimes I think about like
Sometimes I think about things like, you know
When I'd have kids, I'm like
You won't be there, you know?
You won't be there for any of that
And I'll never get to see you again
Sometimes I wish I would've just called you
I wish I would have just picked up the phone
Wish you were here
I mean you should of been there for us
You should have been here!
Them pills got you, right?
Them pills got you, right?
I wish you were here…
Insidious is blind inception
What's reality with all these questions?
Feels like I missed my alarm and slept in
Slept in
Broken legs, but I chase perfection
These walls are my blank expression
My mind is a home I'm trapped in
And it's lonely inside this mansion

Yo, my mind is a house with walls, covered in lyrics
They're all over the place, there's songs in the mirrors
Written all over the floors, all over the chairs
And you get the uncut version of life when I go downstairs
That's where I write when I'm in a bad place and need to release
And let out the version of NF you don't wanna see
I put holes in the walls with both of my fists 'til they bleed
You might get a glimpse of how I cope with all this anger in me
Physically abused, now that's the room that I don't wanna be in
That picture ain't blurry at all, I just don't wanna see it
And these walls ain't blank, I just think I don't wanna see 'em
But why not? I'm in here, so I might as well read 'em
I gotta thank you for this anger that I carry around
Wish I could take a match and burn this whole room to the ground
Matter of fact, I think I'ma burn this room right now
Somehow, this memory, for some reason, just won't come down
You used to put me in the corner, so you could see the fear in my eyes
Then took me downstairs and beat me 'til I screamed and I cried
Congratulations, you'll always have a room in my mind
But I'ma keep the door shut and lock the lyrics inside

Insidious is blind inception
What's reality with all these questions?
Feels like I missed my alarm and slept in
And slept in
Broken legs, but I chase perfection
These walls are my blank expression
My mind is a home I'm trapped in
And it's lonely inside this mansion, inside this mansion

Yo, my mind is a house with walls, covered in pain
See, my problem is, I don't fix things, I just try to repaint
Cover 'em up, like it never happened, say, "I wish I could change"
Are you confused? Come upstairs and I'll show you what I mean
This room's full of regrets, it just keeps getting fuller, it seems
The moment I walk into it's the same moment that I wanna leave
I get sick to my stomach every time I look at these things
But it's hard to look past when this is the room where I sleep
I look around, one of the worst things I wrote on these walls
Was the moment I realized that I was losing my mom
One of the first things I wrote was, "I wish I woulda called"
But I should just stop now, we ain't got enough room in this song
And I regret the fact that I struggled trying to find who I am
And I lie to myself and say I do the best that I can
Shrug it off like it ain't nothing, like it's out of my hands
Then get ticked off whenever I see it affecting my plans
And I regret watchin' these trust issues eat me alive
And at the rate I'm goin', they'll probably still be there when I die
Congratulations, you'll always have a room in my mind
The question is, will I ever clean the walls off in time?

Insidious is blind inception
What's reality with all these questions?
Feels like I missed my alarm and slept in
And slept in
Broken legs, but I chase perfection
These walls are my blank expression
My mind is a home I'm trapped in
And it's lonely inside this mansion, inside this mansion

So this part of my house, no one's been in it for years
I built a safe room and I don't let no one in there
'Cause if I do, there's a chance that they might disappear
And not come back, and I admit, I am emotionally scared
To let anyone inside, so I just leave my doors locked
You might get other doors to open up, but this door's not
'Cause I don't want you to have the opportunity to hurt me
And I'll be the only person that I can blame when you desert me
I'm barricaded inside, so stop watchin'
I'm not coming to the door, so stop knockin', stop knockin'
I'm trapped here, God keeps saying I'm not locked in
I chose this, I am lost in my own conscience
I know that shuttin' the world out ain't solvin' the problem
But I didn't build this house because I thought it would solve 'em
I built it because I thought that it was safer in there
But it's not, I'm not the only thing that's livin' in here
Fear came to my house years ago, I let him in
Maybe that's the problem, 'cause I've been dealing with this ever since
I thought that he would leave, but it's obvious, he never did
He must have picked the room and got comfortable and settled in
Now I'm in a position, it's either sit here, and let 'em win
Or put him back outside where he came from, but I never can
'Cause in order to do that, I'd have to open the doors
Is that me or the fear talking? I don't know anymore

It's lonely
Inside (inside), inside (inside)
It's lonely (it's lonely)
Oh, yeah, it's loney
Inside this mansion
I'm lookin' like I'm gonna get it, you prolly don't get it
I come in your house with a microphone
Lookin' like I'm 'bout to set up a show in your kitchen
I'm out of my mind, but I feel like I'm in it
If I never make it, don't make any difference
I'm still gonna kill it, you know what the deal is
Ain't never no chillin' when I'm in the buildin'
NF is a monster, I am a villain
My music is sick, and you don't know what "ill" is
You better get back, I don't write any filler
I write what I feel and I'm feelin' a million
So you better shh, be quiet, you hear it?
I'm 'bout to lose it
I'm on a whole different level of music
Don't treat me like I have no clue how to do this
You better rethink what you're thinkin' and move it
Now picture me writin' when I was a kid tryna make it in music, I think it is crazy
I spent all my money on studio time, tryna get on my music so people could play it
I'ma keep it one hundred, my music was terrible, learned to get better, the more that I made it
Go back to my Moments album, most of you people, you prolly don't know what I'm sayin', hold up!
What you're witnessin' now? Don't try to figure me out
I grab on that microphone, jawin' the crowd
They was laughin' at me, who they laughin' at now, huh?
I laugh at myself, some people they lookin' like, "wow"
The moment you told me that you was a rapper
I couldn't believe it, you believe it now?
Step in the booth and I murder it
You never heard of a rapper that kill it like I do
I sleep on the couch in the studio
Stay up 'til three in the morning, and write 'til I get more
The moment I wake up I feel like I don't even sleep
And I'm ready to put out my record
Which, thank you for buyin', maybe you burned it
But either way, I'm gonna wreck it
I look at the industry, look what it did to me
You'll never make it if you never grind
You put a whole lot of money into it
You better be ready to give it your time
I look at the past awful years of my life
And I promise you I have been given it mine
Try to keep up with this, I'm not a puppet
No string on my back, I'm one of a kind
Music is changing, no way to tame this
I am an artist, look what I painted
Hang up the caution tape, I'm dangerous
Does anyone know where my brain is?
Rappers are comfortable knowin' they're famous
But I, really don't care what your name is
And I, really don't care if I'm nameless
Y'all just drivin' around, I know where my lane is
Cocky? Nah, I'm competitive?
This is a job for me, it's adrenaline
Don't try to box me in, I am Mayweather
I come in the ring, my punches are way better
I never drink, but I live in these bars
The moment you blink is the moment you lost
Say you a king, who put you in charge?
Don't care what you think, I'll break in your car
Climb on the top of it, sound the alarm
And wake up the neighborhood, rap in your yard
And carry the speakers on both of my arms
'Til you keep sleepin' on me, I'm at large
Enough with the jokes, I ain't jokin'
You come in a session with me, I'ma show you what dope is
And when I say "dope," I ain't talkin' 'bout smokin'
I'm talkin' 'bout music that has an emotion
I look at this mic, it's part of my family
Take it away, I'm comin' to find you
I've been through a lot in my life
And it's hard to get people to listen when no one's behind you
And then Capitol came in the picture and gave me a shot
And look at it now
I look at the team I'm dealin' with, agh
These people ain't playin' around
Lookin' back, I gotta laugh
I was in a whole different place a year ago
I look at the math, I look at the map
And thank you God, I swear it's a miracle
And I'm sorry, but I gotta leave
But, man, this track was beautiful
The least I can do if I murder a beat
Is take the time to go to its funeral, haha
Yeah, they say when we grow up
You'll understand when you're older
Guess I'm still a kid, I don't know it
If I'll ever let go of this (yeah)
Say goodbye to the old me
We ain't friends anymore, you don't know me (real music)
I know I could die any moment
If I do just remember this

Yeah, handouts create lazy people I'm not impressed with
You want something in life, then why don't you go and get it?
Actions speak louder than words do, it's pretty quiet, isn't it?
Look at the world we live in, defined by comment sections
Surround yourself with people that challenge how you think
Not people that nod their head and act like they agree
Those people will cut you open just to watch you bleed
Always be yourself, not the person that you pretend to be, no!
These people gon' tell you that you will never make it
Then when you do, they gon' say they knew you were goin' places
That's just how it works, next thing you know you'll be overrated
Hearing people say they miss the "old you," it's crazy, ain't it?
And perfect people don't exist, so don't pretend to be one
I don't need pats on the back from people for my achievements
When I die I wanna know that I lived for a reason
Anyone can take your life, but not what you believe in; no

Yeah, they say when we grow up
You'll understand when you're older
Guess I'm still a kid, I don't know it
If I'll ever let go of this
Say goodbye to the old me
We ain't friends anymore, you don't know me
I know I could die any moment
If I do just remember this

Yeah, don't take opinions from people that won't listen to yours
If money's where you find happiness, you'll always be poor
If you don't like the job you have, then what do you do it for?
The cure to pain isn't something you buy at liquor stores, nah
The real you is not defined by the size of your office
The real you is who you are when ain't nobody watchin'
You spend your whole life worried about what's in your wallet
For what? That money won't show up in your coffin, woo!
Yeah, anger's a liar, he ain't got no respect
I fell in love with my pain and I slept with my regrets
Happiness saw it happen, maybe that's why she up and left
Joy called me a cheater, said she ain't coming back
I've always had a problem with relationships
But that's what happens when you see the world through a broken lens
Mistakes can make you grow, that doesn't mean you're friends
Who you are is up to you, don't leave it up to them, no

Yeah, they say when we grow up
You'll understand when you're older
Guess I'm still a kid, I don't know it
If I'll ever let go of this
Say goodbye to the old me
We ain't friends anymore, you don't know me
I know I could die any moment
If I do just remember this

Yeah, they say you got into music, you signed up to be hated
That's kinda weird cause I don't remember signing my name up
Coming from people that give advice but never take none
I like my privacy, but, lately, I feel it's invaded
I heard that life's too short, don't let it pass you by
We waste a lot of time crying over wasted time
It's not about what people think, it's how you feel inside
My biggest failures in life are knowing I never tried, woo!
I look at the world from a different angle
People change; even Satan used to be an angel
Think twice before you're bitin' on the hand that made you
Don't believe what you believe just 'cause that's how they raised you
Think your own thoughts, don't let them do it for you
Say you want a drink, don't wait for people to pour it on you
Cut out the lies, stay close to the people you know are loyal
Grab your own glass and fill it, don't let your fear destroy you, woo!
I heard you told your friends that I'm just not your type
If that's how you really feel, then why'd you call last night?
You say all I ever do is just control your life
But how you gonna lie like that, how you gonna lie like that?

Yeah, I heard you said I ain't the type for you
I don't regret it though, I learned from it
They should have you locked up for all the time you stole from us, (woo)
Took you out when I had no money
Only person that you ever cared about was you, that's why it's so funny
You want somebody that'll keep you warm at night, then, tell me, why you actin' cold to me?
You ain't the only one to blame, no I'm the one that made you rich when I bought every lie you sold to me
Yeah, heard you threw away the pictures
But you still got the memories of us, so I guess I don't really make a difference
Flippin' through 'em in your head
Got you texting me all hours of the night
Yeah, you told me that you needed distance
What's the deal with you?
You say you want a man that keeps it real
Then why you mad when I get real with you?
You want someone to pay the bills for you
Went from failin' you, now I feel for you, liar

I heard you told your friends that I'm just not your type
If that's how you really feel, then why'd you call last night?
You say all I ever do is just control your life
But how you gonna lie like that, how you gonna lie like that?

Look, let me guess, you want to stay friends?
Tellin' people that's how we been?
Tellin' everybody, yeah, that we was barely speakin'
Ah, that's kinda funny, why'd you call me every day then?
It's immaturity, you goin' off the deep end
You just want somebody you can chill and get some drinks with, cool
Then don't hit me on the weekend, tellin' me you missed the way we talked and how I listen, yeah
Why you playin' with my mind, huh?
Why you playin' with my time, huh?
Told me, "We should let it go and put it all behind us"
That's what I did, now you askin' me what I done, I was
Waitin' for this day, I saw it comin'
I think you just like attention, tryna tell me all your problems
I got issues of my own, I ain't got time for all this drama
You told me that you don't really wanna talk—then why you callin', huh?

I heard you told your friends that I'm just not your type
If that's how you really feel, then why'd you call last night?
You say all I ever do is just control your life
But how you gonna lie like that, how you gonna lie like that?

How you gonna lie, how you gonna lie like that?
Baby, how you gonna lie, how you gonna lie like that?
How you gonna lie, baby, how you gonna lie like that?
No, no, how you gonna lie like that?

I heard you told your friends that I'm just not your type
If that's how you really feel, then why'd you call last night?
You say all I ever do is just control your life
But how you gonna lie like that, how you gonna lie like that?

Tell me how you 'bout to lie like that
Tell me how you 'bout to lie like-
Yeah, yeah
I just need some time, I'm tryna think straight
I just need a moment in my own space
Ask me how I'm doin', I'll say "okay," yeah
But ain't that what we all say?
Sometimes I think back to the old days
In the pointless conversations with the old me
Yeah, back when my momma used to hold me
I wish somebody woulda told me

If you want love, you gon' have to go through the pain
If you want love, you gon' have to learn how to change
If you want trust, you gon' have to give some away
If you want love, if you want love

Look, as a kid I used to think life
Is moving so slow, I watch it go by
Look out the window on my bus ride
I thought the world was so small, through my closed eyes
I've always tried to control things
In the end that's what controls me
Maybe that's why I'm controllin'
I wish somebody woulda told me

If you want love, you gon' have to go through the pain
If you want love, you gon' have to learn how to change
If you want trust, you gon' have to give some away
If you want love, if you want love

The older I get, I feel like I'm always tryna save time
Talkin' to the voices in my head, they make me think twice
Tellin' me it doesn't mean it's wrong because it feels right
I'm scared that one day I'll wake up and wonder where'd the time go
Talk about the past like it's the present while I rock slow
I'll sit in the living room and laugh with kids of my own
And tell 'em

If you want love, you gon' have to go through the pain
I wish you woulda told me
If you want love, you gon' have to learn how to change
I wish somebody woulda told me
If you want trust, you gon' have to give some away
You gon' have to give
If you want love, if you want love
If you want love, if you want love
Yeah, I gotta say, like a month ago
I was talking to fans
And one of 'em pulled me aside and said
"We never met, but I swear that you know who I am
I've been through a lot
I don't know how to express it to people, don't think that I can
But I got that Mansion CD on rotation
That's real for me, Nate, you do not understand"
It's crazy for me
Kids hit me up, say they slittin' they wrists on the daily
This music is more than you think
Don't book me for just entertainment, it's entertainin'
Hearin' these parents, they telling their kids
My music is violent—you gotta be kidding me
I guess that your definition of violence and mine
Is something that we look at differently
How do you picture me, huh?
Want me to smile, you want me to laugh?
You want me to walk on the stage with a smile on my face
When I'm mad and put on a mask? For real though
I mean, what you expect from me?
I'm tryna do this respectfully
They say that life is a race
I knew my problems would prolly catch up eventually
I do my best to be calm
How you gon' write me and tell me you'd slaughter my family?
That's just a glimpse to the stuff that gets sent to me
These are the parts of my life they don't never see, woo!
I am aware, it's aggressive
I am not here for acceptance
I don't know what you expected
But what you expect when you walk in a therapy session, huh?

Therapy, therapy session
Therapy, therapy session

This girl at the show looked me in the face
And told me her life's full of drama (Yeah!)
Said her dad is abusive
Apparently, he likes to beat on her mama
I got so angry inside
I wanted to tell her to give me his number
But what you gon' do with it, right?
You gon' hit him up then he'll start hittin' her harder, that's real
These kids, they come to my shows
With tears in they eyes
Imagine someone looking at you
And sayin' your music's the reason that they are alive
Sometimes I don't know how to handle it
This type of life isn't glamorous
This ain't an act for the cameras (nah!)
You see me walk on these stages
But have no idea what I'm dealing with after it, nah!
I put it all in the open
This is the way that I cope with all my emotion
I'm taking pictures with thousands of people
But honestly, I feel like nobody knows me
I'm tryin' to deal with depression
I'm tryin' to deal with the pressure
How you gon' tell me my music does not have a message?
When I'm looking out at this crowd full of people I know I affected, agh!
I got some things in my life
I know I should let 'em go
Let me jot it down
Let me take a mental note
I put it all in this microphone
Think about that for a minute
What is the point of this song? I'm just venting
But what you expect from a therapy session, huh?

Therapy, therapy session
Therapy, therapy session

What you think about me
—That doesn't worry me
I know I handle some things immaturely
I know that I need to grow in maturity
I ain't gon' walk on these stages, in front of these people
And act like I live my life perfectly
That doesn't work for me
"Christian" is not the definition of what "perfect" means
I ain't the type to be quiet
I ain't gon' sit here in silence
If I wouldn't say what I say to your face
Then I promise you, I wouldn't say it in private
I am not lyin'
People go off on my page, and I'm tryin' to quit the replyin'
But this is ridiculous
I'm passionate, man, I really mean what I'm writing
You want me to keep it a hundred?
Okay, I'll keep it a hundred
I see a whole lot of talkin' on socials
But honestly, I don't see nothing in public
I kinda love it, yeah
"Why don't you write us some happy raps?
That would be awesome"
"All of your music is moody and dark, Nate"
—Don't get me started (Yeah!)
You wanna know what it's like if you met me in person?
Listen to my verses
This music is not just for people
Who sit in the pews and pray at the churches, nah!
I won't reject it
I don't expect everyone to respect it
I don't expect you to get my perspective
But what you expect from a therapy session?
Huh?

I mean, I think sometimes people—they confuse what I'm doin'
I write about life, I write about things that I'm actually dealing with
Something, that I'm actually experiencing
This is real for me
Like, this is something that personally helps me as well
I'm not confused about who gave me the gift
God gave me the gift and he gave me the ability to—to do this
And he also gave me this as an outlet
And that's what music is for me
When I feel something, whether it's anger
Um, it's a passion about something—or frustration
Like, this is where I go
This is—this is—that's the whole "NF Real Music" thing, man
This is real for me—I need this
This is a therapy for me
Yeah, real music
Agh! Yo
Just get in that, you get in that head space, y'know? Woo!

Will somebody get the body bags? We gon' put the beats in 'em, nah
Put the MCs in 'em, season 'em, put 'em on a beat with me, then I'm eatin' 'em
Get away from the table, you rappers ain't hungry enough, you rappers ain't hungry like us
They talk about me like I'm here, they talk about you like you was, woo!
That nurse came into my room, she told me I'm sick in the head
I'm in hip-hop's hospital bed, with a pad and a pen and a brace on my neck
They told me that I'm never leavin'—why? I am as ill as it gets
Any rapper that say that they runnin' the game, I'ma come in they session and cut off they legs, woo!
Strap a grenade to my head, pull out the pin, my music is mind-blowin'
Ain't nobody do it like I do it
You ain't ever been on my level, I got a problem with the way they keep on talkin', and actin' like everybody gonna get it, better sleep with your eyes open
You wanna know what I noticed?
Look around at my fan base and they ready (I see you!)
That last album was heavy (I see you!)
That last album was gritty
How you gon' match that? Just let me–
Do what I do best, you're better off playin' Russian roulette
Than comin' in a booth with me 'cause I get a little bit intense—I'm like, "Who's next?"
Y'all better watch it, take a look at where the clock is
It's my time, this ladder of music that I climbed
I took the machete, the game isn't ready, them rappers, they comin' up on me, I cut off the ladder, and I told 'em, "Bye-bye" (Bye-bye)
What, you lookin' for a high-five? Nice try! (Woo!)
Do not believe everything that you read on the Internet
I do not know who your dentist is, but he should clean out your mouth, don't call me a sellout, that's something I've never been
I've been through Hell all my life though, but I know what Heaven is
Father, forgive me, for I am a sinner, but You gave me music as medicine, woo!
And nobody want a problem when they get in my zone, better leave me be!
I'm a mean MC, better feed me rappers or feed me beats, agh!
Feed me both of 'em, they like, "Nate, what's it like to be famous?"
Hahahahahaha, umm, I'll let you know if I make it! (Yeah)
I wonder what life would be like if I didn't stick out my neck
Two hundred dollars inside of my bank account, woo! I was livin' on that
I need some money to pay for my rent, I need some money to pay for my gas
I'm not complainin', I'm just bein' honest, I promise that I will not beg for respect, nah!
I get so frustrated, take a look at what I've created
Time is wasting, and I ain't waiting
I'm a doctor with no job, me, I don't have no patience, I keep pacing–
Back and forth, I keep racing
You ain't never been in my book and I got a problem with it, why? 'Cause you actin' like you read my pages
I wreck these stages, real talk, better give me space 'cause I am chasing
Something they told me that I won't make it, agh!
I'm not famous, I'm just Nathan (Woo!)
And I wonder how the world gon' take this
They might hate it, but you know anything about me, you know that don't mean I'm changin'
'Cause you know I'm real with it, don't care if you feelin' it, I'm feelin' it
You don't like it? Then deal with it
And if God ain't real—real isn't
Used to wonder why I existed, I exist in the world that's real different
And, "What you gon' be when you grow up, Nate?" I doubt they will get it
My life is a mess, better watch your step when you step in it, some of this brain is off-limits
I'm off in a world you don't get, 'cause you ain't ever been in it
In ten minutes I still couldn't explain what's inside my brain, don't mess with it
I've invested a lot of me inside these lines, I'm just protectin' 'em
Everybody wanna hear the real version of life, then don't get so sensitive
When I say something a little bit raw, I jot my thoughts and they call it "negative"
You wanna know where my heart is? I stand out 'cause I wear my garbage
I work my hardest and every time I look into the mirror I don't forget about where I started, woo!

Tell me, what am I doing here?
Tell me, what am I doing here?
Tell me, what am I, what am I doing? Mmm
Tell me, what am I doing here?
I said, what am I doing here?
Tell me, what am I doing here, if
I'm not being real, mmm
What, are you scared of me? That's embarassin'
If it wasn't for me, you would've never wrote Therapy
I've been here for you, but how come you're never there for me?
It's a little bit twisted, but I miss when you and I had scary dreams
I don't really wanna talk about it!
Well, that's too bad now, Nate, shut up!
Now, where were we?
Well, back in the day when
You and I had it all mapped out in the basement
Cryin' in your room like a baby
"I wish mom was here!"
We all do so we wouldn't have to hear about it every single record
You don't really wanna change me
Yeah, I'm the one that made this happen
Do you really wanna get rid of your main attraction?
Let's pack our bags and go back to Gladwin now
Yeah, it's time for the third record
And you know I got the content
I don't wanna make you nervous
But it ain't like it used to be, we got a lotta people watchin'
You told me that you don't want me in your life, that's pretty hard to digest
And I told you I'd leave when we die, and we ain't died yet
Therapy Session was beautiful, Nate, but I'm wonderin' what's comin' next
Yeah, get that stupid hat off of your head when I'm talkin' to you, you hear what I said?
You don't like the prison I built you?
Yeah, you wanna know what the funny thing is?
You keep on talkin' to me like a stranger, but we've been together since you were a kid, yeah
Took us from a no-name, told you everything was okay
Now you tryna cut me out of it like I ain't never been a part of it, I am the heart of it, I made this whole thing
Yeah, I put us on the dope stage, you must have no brain
What's the point of having guns if you can't aim?
What's the point of havin' blood with no veins?
What's the point of havin' love with no pain?
What I'm sayin' is me without you doesn't make any sense
I know I'm intense in controlling, but you need to learn how to cope with it, that's just the way that it is
If you didn't want me to live in your house, you shouldn't have let me move in
It's comfortable here and I like it, I got my own room and everything, it don't get better than this
You say you wanna own your life, then wake up and take your own advice
You just mad 'cause you know I'm right
Yeah, I'm flattered you put me in Mansion, but you should've told 'em right
'Bout your hands on the coldest nights
You didn't tell 'em 'bout the times you and I used to hold the mic
I mean, what are you, outta your mind?
'Cause both of us will be, come on, let's go outside!
Is this what you wanted?
Both of us out in the open? Let's do it then!
I mean, why are you doin' this?
I know that you're mad, but I'm not in the mood for this
We got a record to drop
So why you actin' like I'm not a part of it?
And where is my shovel at?
Prolly out back—where it always is
You can't get rid of all of me!
I'm the reason why—
Nah, shut up, I don't wanna hear another sentence
Hey, I'm NF
"Is it me or the fear talkin'?" Ha! What a dumb question!
Yeah, it's real music 'til the day we die, right?
Yeah, ain't that the slogan, Nathan?
Thought I told you to keep your mouth shut
I mean, so what? You know I never listen
Let me guess, we gon' dig a hole, kill the track, and prolly put a beat in it
Rap about it for like three minutes
Ayy, that's pretty deep, isn't it?
Wait a minute, you don't really think for a second that you're puttin' me in this?
No, of course not, just a little deeper then we'll go inside and we can stop diggin' (woo)
You had me scared for a second, I thought we were diggin' my grave (*thunk*)
We did, what, you don't like bein' afraid?
Here's a dose of your own medicine, what, you don't like how it tastes?
My therapist told me don't bury my issues, but I'ma be honest, man, I'm feelin' great!
I think it's only right we go back to where you were created
I wrote a song for Johnny without you, but he ain't gon' like it, let's see how he takes it (takes it)
He probably don't even remember us, does he?
I wish I was buryin' anger
But both of us know I'ma need him for that song, he still lives in the basement
Almost done, shoulda done this a year ago, I don't know why I waited
You know how I get, I put everything off in my personal life, you hear what I'm sayin'?
That was a joke, yeah, it's hilarious, ain't it?
You'll spend the rest of your life in my backyard or back of my mind, depends how you see it
Put the shovel away, time to go back in the house now, you'll be out in a week
Tellin' me you want your room back, that's funny; what, you ain't got nowhere to sleep?
I'ma just look out the window and laugh at you, this is crazy to me
'Cause I thought you had me in prison this whole time, but I'm the one holdin' the keys
Look, people ask me what the future is
All I know is I'll be doin' this
All I know is things are moving quick
That's convenient for me 'cause that's how I live
Now they see me out here movin' up
You don't like me, that makes two of us
Time change, yeah, I can't adjust
Yo, it’s who you are not who you was, oh my
Yeah, just went to Europe, they said the single is working
I think I'm learning
I am way more than what people might think when they look on the surface
What is my purpose? Yeah
That is a question that I have been asking myself and it hurts
'Cause it's prolly something I should already know but I don’t know it yet, I'm tryna grow as a person, woo!
I'm sick of people tellin' people I'm here 'cause of marketing dollars, oh
You think that everything is gonna blow just 'cause you market it harder? No
I got my hands in everything, now they out here tryna get to me, stop tryna lecture me
You don't compare to my level of thinking, so why do you think you compare to my energy, huh?
Small circle, but the number's growin'
Fame called me, I'm like, "How you doin'?"
Hung up on him, I ain't ready for it
I'll get back to that when I make album four
Less talkin', I've been workin' more
Better me is what I'm workin' towards
Y'all judgin', but we not in court, no, we not in court, oh Lord!
Last couple years, let's recap
I make a livin' off of writin' out my regrets
I'm doin' me, I don't care where the scene's at
Try to give me feedback, I don't really need that
I used to walk on stage in a V-neck
I used to wear a lil' tie with a black vest
I came a long way, why you lookin' upset?
I'm tryna paint a picture, get the vision, you ain't hear it yet, woo!
Look, hold up, hold up, wait a minute, please
Flow's switchin', I got ADD
Brain scatters when you play the beat
It don't matter what you say to me
I'll be doin' this at 83
I've been doin' this since ABCs
In the major leagues doin' major things, don't play with me, woo!
I'm livin' life in the fast lane
Wake up every morning thinkin' I'ma have a bad day
Drive my own car, I don't like the valet
Park then I go into my mind with an AK
Shoot every thought in my head then it rotates
Losin' it all, but I think that I'm okay
Who is involved? I don't know, but I'm insane
Poof! And I'm gone, wanna call me a no name, what!?
I'm prolly not what you thought
I'm prolly not what you thought
I used to judge everybody that wasn't like me 'til I learned it was wrong
Girl told me I should get it together and get out the dark
I'm tryna give her my heart
That's when I sit in my car, writin' for hours until I can barely talk
I mean, where do I start?
Feels like I'm fallin' apart
Act like my image is hard
I always put up my guard
Even when talkin' to God
Sit in my room and I plot
Everything that I'm not
Comes out in the music I jot
I give it all that I got
I give it all that I got!
I'm tryna think out the box, no!
Yeah, I got people standing outside a bus screaming my name
I don't come out and take pictures, they tell me I changed
I don't smile in VIPs, you get mad like, "You know what I paid?"
Guess I don't know what to say
Guess I don't know what to say
I leave it all on the stage
I leave it all on the stage
Woke up in the cell, where am I at?
Yeah, it's cold, but I like that
What am I, trapped?
Heart's beating out of my chest
Door's locked, but the keys are in my hands
Hm, yeah, that's weird, it doesn't make sense, does it?
I make songs, I don't make friends—judge me
Might smile, but it ain't that funny
Sing along to the pain, they love it
Life's like a merry-go-round
And I'm still tryna figure it out
I like space, I don't fit in the crowds
My whole life I've been airin' it out
Oh, I'm gettin' into character now
Feels wrong, but it feels right
My feelings seal tight real nice
But I will fight anything to win
But I'm not Mike Tyson, I won't bite ya
But I will tell you if I don't like you
I am not the norm
I got my own shoes, I ain't tryna fit in yours
I never been married, but I've felt divorced
Hi, I'm Nate, have we met before?
Somebody told you I was wack? Check the source
Somebody told you I was back? Yes, of course
You got a problem with the fans? There's the door
You lookin' for the old me? Check the morgue, agh!
Not a fortune-teller, but I can see into the future better
Ain't no tellin' what'll happen when I pick up the microphone, get the fans together
Same style, but the songs are better
Been a year and a half, feels like it's gone forever
Ain't no drink in my hand, but you know the buzz is comin'
Big steps in the game, yeah, the Hulk is running
My thoughts are funny, it feels like I'm onto something, yeah

I'm high off the music, my head's in the clouds
I kinda like it up here; I am not comin' down
I'd rather be alone, I am not good in crowds
Which is kinda confusin', I know—been that way since a child
They laughin', they tell me I'll never get out
I'm just tryna be me, I am nobody else
I don't care what you think, I'm just bein' myself
So I guess for now

I'll just be the outcast
I'll just be the outcast
I'll just be the outcast
I guess I'll be the outcast

Yeah, I guess I don't fit the mold of rap
'Cause I'm respectin' women
"I heard your record, I was laughin at it"
Maybe they would like me more if I got a little graphic with it
Nah, I don't wanna blend in with you little rappin' idiots—I'd rather be the outcast
I ain't never puttin' out trash
I take a hundred and staple it right to my tongue
I always put the money where my mouth's at, agh!
Feels good to be here now
I'm a weird person with a weird crowd
What, you don't like that?
That's cool, that's great, that's fine, okay, you can leave now
Got a weird smile, but I like it though
I paint it on me and I'm walkin' to the microphone
And put the caution tape around me like I did in Intro 1, yeah!
Yeah, they got me reminiscin' now!
Yeah, you done know I'm 'bout to go mad
Never wanted something so bad
Goosebumps through the whole track
Ain't no way I'm gonna hold back
Got me thinkin' that I'm cookin' in a meth lab
I don't blow it up in front of my own eyes
You look a little lost, you ain't get that?
Comin' from a town where nobody is a rapper
Guess I never get the memo, must've missed that
Wow!
Here I go in my feelings again, I can feel it again
So I lay in my bed, in my cell with the pen
And I dwell on my sins, I keep wonderin' when
Time to open the the doors, they don't know who I am
But I pick up the keys and I put on my Timbs
And I stare at the locks and the tat on my skin
And I think to myself, "I don't wanna fit in"

I'm high off the music, my head's in the clouds
I kinda like it up here; I am not comin' down
I'd rather be alone, I am not good in crowds
Which is kinda confusin', I know—been that way since a child
They laughin', they tell me I'll never get out
I'm just tryna be me, I am nobody else
I don't care what you think, I'm just bein' myself
So I guess for now

Yeah, I'll just be the outcast
I'll just be the outcast
I'll just be the outcast
I guess I'll be the outcast

Yeah, tryna focus
Take a knife to my head then I cut it open
Take my brain, put it on the floor—tryna figure out my motives
Y'all thought I was an issue when the door was locked
Nah, you should see me when the door opens
Every night I can hear voices
Put a camera in my face, might turn Joker like I'm Mike Posner
Always been a little complex
Difficult to process
Some of y'all wanna sit around and try to pick apart my bars
Here's some lines you could dissect:
If I'ma die, I'ma die givin' everything that I have
Take a deep breath, I don't need y'all's respect
I'm a reject kid at recess playin' games with his make-believe friends
Yeah, I don't ever take a night off
Lights off in the room and I write songs
I might fall into my thoughts once in a while when the mic's off
You ain't ever seen no drive like mine, better hop outta my car
I'm about to unlock my doors
You ain't got a seat belt on, better find one
Gettin' sick of people tellin' me to smile more
T.S. was a chapter I'll never forget, it was therapy for me
But it's time to turn the page now
Hey, shut up! I'm tryna tell 'em my story!
I'm sorry, I wasn't yellin' at y'all, I was talkin' to the voices
I rip out the drums of the industry's ears for tryin' to ignore me and playin' while singin' this chorus

I'll just be the outcast
I'll just be the outcast
I'll just be the outcast
I guess I'll be the outcast

I'll just be the outcast
I'll just be the outcast
I'll just be the outcast
I guess I'll be the outcast
Yeah, most of my life's full of sad days
Started at a young age
Yeah, bought a house but I've been livin' on stage
Tryna find the real me, I ain't found it yet
Wake up every morning feelin' like I'm guilty
Talk to God, "Can You hear me?"
Lately, I'm a mess
I don't want no one to help me
Yeah, I don't want no one to help me and

If you think that I make decisions based off of what you think, then you're wrong
Can't nobody think for me, I got my own thoughts
Sometimes you don't know what you had until it's all gone, till it's all gone
If I took the hand that was dealt me then I would be nowhere in life
Yeah, I had to think smart
Threw away the deck and got my own cards
Long before I had the money to afford a car

I–I've been doin' me (yeah)
I've been doin' me
Yeah, I've been doin' me
I've been doin' me
Followin' my dreams
Yeah, I've been doin' me
I've been doin' me
I've been doin' me
Yeah, I've been doin' me
I've been doin' me
Followin' my dreams
Yeah, I've been doin' me

Most of my life's full of regrets
Things I wanna take back, yeah
Wrote you a letter, wish that I had never sent that
Didn't even make sense, I don't even know
All I know is I get lower on the weekends
They tell me I should make friends, I just sit at home
Lately, I've been off the deep end, yeah
I've been off the deep end and

If you think that I'm 'bout to change who I am just for you then you're so wrong
As a kid I built a house around my broke heart
Sometimes you don't know what you had until it falls apart, till it falls apart
If I took the hand that was dealt me then I would be nowhere in life
Yeah, I had to think smart
Threw away the deck and got my own cards
Long before I had the money to afford a car

I (yeah)–I've been doin' me (oh, yeah)
I've been doin' me
Yeah, I've been doin' me (I have been)
I've been doin' me
Followin' my dreams
Yeah, I've been doin' me (followin' my)
I've been doin' me
I've been doin' me (I've been followin' my)
Yeah, I've been doin' me
Followin' my dreams
Yeah, I'm just doin' me
Yeah, I'm just doin' me

Yeah, I'm reminiscin' back to both of us laughin'
Playin' old records, thinkin' every one of 'em's classic
Windows down, we on the street up in Michigan rappin'
We talked about it, but never really knew it could happen
My confidence about as low as the gas is
We didn't have the money for it, so we'd turn the key backwards and sit in parking lots for hours till the battery crashes
I think that we related 'cause both of us were lookin' for answers
A couple months ago I drove into Gladwin, got me all in my feelings
It's somethin' 'bout bein' somewhere that's familiar
Pull in the gas station, open up the tank then I fill it then laugh
Would I move back? Mm, not in a million, but I appreciate the memories we had
I know you've been callin', sorry I never call back
I know I've been distant, you know I never meant that
You can tell the family how I'm doing if they ask
I'm just doin' me
Cold nights, cold nights, long night
Staring down at an empty cup like
I'ma fill, I'ma fill it up
All night, all night
Ten feet down nearly my whole life
But I'll be rising, rising up

Yeah, I know the person in the mirror's not a perfect one
I look at him every day and think he's not enough
My life's a book that I don't really like to open up
I'm twenty-six, but I feel like I live in chapter one
I skim through it, I've been through it, they laugh at us
You think it's funny, yeah, laugh it up
I always felt like no one listened to me, that's how I grew up
Church is where I found God, but it's also where I learned to judge
Yeah, I had to learn there's a difference between
What you want, and what you really need
I've always been motivated by comments from people tellin' me
Things they think I'll never be, and then I become it, this is my everything
There's so much that goes on in my head that people will never see
You probably be terrified of my memories, don't lecture me
Let me be, let me see, let me breathe, how they remember me
Doesn't alter who I am as a person to take my energy, yeah

Hard days, cold nights
Staring down at an empty cup like
I'ma fill, I'ma fill it up
All day, all night
Ten feet down nearly my whole life
But I'll be rising, rising up
Cold nights

Yeah, my fans made me who I am, but they also deceived me
I've been allowed to live life like I'm already grieving
I'm at a table of lies, but don't eat what they feed me
My hoodie over my face, so nobody can see me
I'm on a plane, 'bout to fly again
Looking out the window, take a moment to admire it
Wondering how high it is, wonder where the time has went
Then I shut the window and go back to feeling like I'm out my mind again, agh!
Yeah, seems like we're all trying to climb a ladder
It's crazy what we'll do to climb it faster
It's like we throw away the things in life that really matter
Just so we could make it to the top and wonder what we're even climbing after
I know the feeling of feeling like everything that you deal with
Don't never change, that's part of being a human, yeah
Life's what you make of it, take it, embrace it, and take it, and savor it
Ain't about what you did, it's what you became from it, agh!

Hard days, cold nights
Staring down at an empty cup like
I'ma fill, I'ma fill it up (oh, yeah)
All day, all night
Ten feet down nearly my whole life
But I'll be rising, rising up
Cold nights

We all want what we never had
The good life doesn't seem so bad
The good life doesn't seem so sad
Yeah, we all want what we never had, whoa

Hard days, cold nights
Staring down at an empty cup like
I'ma fill, I'ma fill it up
All day, all night
Ten feet down nearly my whole life
But I'll be rising, rising up

We all want what we never had
The good life doesn't seem so bad
The good life doesn't seem so sad
Yeah, we all want what we never had

Hard days, cold nights
Staring down at an empty cup like
I'ma fill, I'ma fill it up

Cold nights, cold nights, long night
Staring down at an empty cup like
I'ma fill, I'ma fill it up
All night, all night
Ten feet down nearly my whole life
But I'll be rising, rising up
All I ever wanted was somebody to hear me
And all I ever wanted was somebody to feel me
And everybody wanna tell me that I'm out of my head
When I'm on the mic, that's fine, but that don't scare me
It's been a long time, but I'm back now
Rap pow, welcome to the rap house
Rap pow, will live 'til I pass out
Blackout, blackout, everybody keep on wonderin' if I still rap now
Are you serious?
Anybody out there hearin' this?
Yo, I came in the game as a lyricist
And I'ma leave like that, period
You sniff lines, I write lines
You've now entered in my mind
And you better get ready cause you might find
I'm from a different place, and my kind
It's a little bit different than yours is
Quit snoring, hip-hop isn't dead
It's just been in mournin'
From the moment I quit recording
Quick, record this
Listen, I'm warming up and you're misinformed if
You think that I'm slipping up, this ain't sick enough
Then I'll skip the chorus
I've been here, ain't nobody heard of me?
Yeah I'ma turn this beat to a murder scene
I don't live for the world
I live for the King, I live for the King, focus
Wrote this with emotion
It's hard to get a break when the doors ain't open
It's hard to get a shot when the gun ain't loaded
And it's hard to make a living when nobody wanna notice, hold it
What am I insane maybe? Plain crazy
You put me in a room with a mic you will not restrain me
You do what you wanted but you can't contain me, lazy
Is not a character trait of mine, don't wait in line
This is the current condition of my state of mind

Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
This is all I have, all I have

All I ever wanted was somebody to get this
All I ever wanted was somebody to play this
Yeah, take my song, put it on their playlist
And get goosebumps every time they play it, rate us
If that's my calling or not, Father, maybe I should just not bother
Go back to that nine-to-five, but I am not a
Quitter so quit that
I never been a killer but I guarantee I kill tracks
Put them in a coffin, lost in, rip that
Tryin' to make an impact in rap, is that insane?
Well, I guess so
Rap though, better give me that pencil
And you ain't ever gonna make it, it's all mental
I am in a place where I can't let go, agh!
I still work a job and do this, and y'all know what's stupid?
I thought all you had to do was get a record deal, and, your things start moving
But that's not the case, because most of the times—the artists you hear
You keep on thinking that artist is new, but that artist has prolly been at it for years
Yeah, in the back of my mind thinking, am I wasting my time dreamin'?
And I ain't got no money in my wallet, but I guarantee there ain't no way that I am gonna leave this
I need this, I swear to y'all, I need this
And this hip-hop's in my veins, if you cut me I'ma bleed it
And, yo, what you think I write write raps for? No reason? No
Take my pain and I put 'em in a song—ever since them pills, they took my mom
I've been a different person, don't try to predict my verses
What you're hearing now is me whether I'm in front or behind that curtain
I stand behind these words here, I'm a Christian but I'm not perfect
Don't tell me to calm down, I'm calm now, listen, I'm just working
Yeah, it might take a minute to get it, but once you get it everything will be crystal clear
I don't think they see my vision here, I don't think they see my vision here!

Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
This is all I have, all I have
Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
This is all I have, all I have
Don't tell me that this isn't real
Don't tell me this ain't how I feel
This is all I have, all I have
All I have
Don't tell me that this isn't real (this isn't real, this isn't real)
This is all that I have, this is all that I have
Started with phone conversations and I
Flew out to see you, it's raining outside
We sat by the water and talked about life
Oh
Said you lost your dad, girl I know how that feels
I lost my mom, tryna deal with that still
I guess we connect on our hatred for pills
It's real

I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind
I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind

You got me thinking things I never used to
I'm not the phone type, I'd rather be with you
Sometimes I hold back from saying, "I miss you"
But I miss you
I have to admit, on this road I get lonely
But you make me smile every time that you call me
You let me be myself
You don't control me

I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind
I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind
I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind
I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind

Laying in my bed, I'm just staring at the ceiling, baby
I just wanna know if you feel what I'm feeling, baby
Got you on my mind yeah, tell me what the deal is lately
Yeah, deal is lately, deal is lately
I'm a man of my word, girl believe that
I'm a closed book but somehow you learn to read that
Know that I should relax, hate the way I react
Thinking that I'm good but you know I'm 'bout to relapse
Thinking that I'm good but you know I'm 'bout to relapse
Girl I wake up in the morning', all I can think of is you

I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind
I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind
I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind
I got you on my mind, baby
I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind
Yeah (haha)
My name buzzin', ain't no way you could ignore it
I did not come this far so they could ignore me
I am not the one to say, "I'll do it in the mornin'"
I'd rather get it done, don't focus on what's not important
They try to talk to me like they been nothin' but supportive
Appreciate the love, but do not show up on my doorstep
If you ain't about that real, I suggest that you avoid me
If we ain't on the same page, that's the end of story, agh!
You are not a baller 'cause your closet's full of Jordan's
You are not a rich man 'cause you're on the Forbes list
First, I dropped a record, then you know I gotta tour it
Real's still the slogan, only difference is there's more of us
The story of my life feels like it's just beginnin' now
I ask you a question, I want answers, not the run-around
You the one that brought it up, but I'm the one to shut it down
If you ain't got the album yet, I brought you one, I'm at your house
Hey!

All I see is green lights (woo!)
All I see is green lights (oh yeah!)
All I spit is real life (yeah!)
Bet you don't know what that's like (huh?)
All I see is green lights (yeah!), woo!
All I see is green lights, (woo!), yeah
All I spit is real life
I bet you don't know what that's like

Yeah
I know where I'm goin', I don't let no one distract me
I don't need directions from nobody in the back seat
I don't need these people in my corner tryna gas me
I'd rather have people in my corner tryna check me
Yeah, I walk off the bus a different city than the last week
Let the fans speak, they gon' tell you 'bout the past me
If I'm bein' honest, last year I was in a bad place
Wouldn't say I'm out of it, but don't feel like I can't be, agh!
Who you know droppin' clean records, but they nasty?
I was made for this, I could tell when Mama had me
I hopped right off the table, told my doctor, "I ain't average."
He asked me, "What does that mean?"
I told him, "Get the pen and pad, please."
Who'd a known I'd write something that could change lives?
I don't think y'all fully understand the way you changed mine
I look at the future that's in front of me with both eyes
Three records, three years, I don't like to waste time
Oh yeah!

All I see is green lights, yeah! (woo!)
All I see is green lights, haha!
All I spit is real life (real life)
Bet you don't know what that's like (you don't know!)
All I see is green lights (green lights), woo!
All I see is green lights (green lights—haha), yeah!
All I spit is real life (oh, real life!)
I bet you don't know what that's like (no!)

Hey!
Haha!
All I see is—green lights!
Yeah!
Oh my!
Yeah! (haha)
This may be the last sunset I'll see
So I'll take it in, I'll take it in
This may be the last air that I'll breathe
So I'll breathe it in, I'll breathe it in

I heard that pictures don't change
Just the people inside of 'em do
Whoever told you that life would be easy
I promise that person was lyin' to you
You got a problem with followin' through
That's why I got a problem with followin' you
You keep lookin' at me like this problem is new
But we've been here before, what you tryin' to do?
Don't talk to me like I don't know what you feeling
'Cause I was there with you back in the beginning
Quit looking away when I talk, let me finish
I'm tryna be honest, you're tryna forget me, ugh
What's wrong with you, hey?
I know that you got a lot on your plate
You keep telling me I should get out of your way
But I can't see how you gon' lie to my face
Don't tell me you fine
'Cause I know that you not, so don't even try it
And what we gon' live for in this life full of pain
'Til we're eighty and one day we'll get up and say we regretted our lives
'Cause that's where we're going
And do not pretend like you don't even notice
The funny thing is that you already know it
I'm starting to think that you like how it feels to be lost in the moment

Lost, lost in the moment
Lost in the moment, lost in the moment
And get lost, lost in the moment
Lost in the moment, lost in the moment

Yeah, they told us that time flies, didn't know what it means
Now I feel like we just running around tryna
Catch it and hoping to cut off it's wings
But that ain't gon' happen
Joy, when was the last time we had it?
I don't remember 'cause all that we do
Is go backwards, but that's what you get
When you live in the past tense
And I know we breathing but we not alive
Really, is this the way we wanna die?
'Till you got everything bottled inside
If only they knew what goes on in our minds
I know what you thinking so don't try to hide
Why do you look at me like you surprised?
If you really mean what you write in these lines
Then why don't you fix it, 'cause I'm getting tired!
Yeah, I can no longer do this
Ever since you fell in love with the music
See? You find a way to express what you feel
But the moment that you get away from the mic, you don't know what you doing
Is it clear to you yet?
I don't know what's going on in your head
But eventually, you'll have to deal with the things
That you talk about yeah, but I guess until then, we're lost!

Lost, lost in the moment
Lost in the moment, lost in the moment
And get lost, lost in the moment
Lost in the moment, lost in the moment

Yeah, oh, yeah, oh lost
Oh, yeah, oh, no no
This may be the last sunset I'll see
So I'll take it in, I'll take it in
This may be the last air that I'll breathe
So I'll breathe it in, I'll breathe it in
Too many faces, too many faces, too many faces

Yeah, what's your definition of success? (ayy!)
I don't trust the thoughts that come inside my head (woo!)
I don't trust this thing that beats inside my chest
Who I am and who I wanna be cannot connect; why?
Don't think I deserve it? You get no respect (woo!)
I just made a couple mil', still not impressed
Let You Down goes triple platinum, yeah, okay, okay, I guess (ayy!)
Smile for a moment then these questions startin' to fill my head, not again!
I push away the people that I love the most; why? (woo!)
I don't want no one to know I'm vulnerable; why? (woo!)
That makes me feel weak and so uncomfortable; why? (ayy!)
Stop askin' me questions, I just wanna feel alive
Until I die—this isn't Nate's flow (woo!)
Just let me rhyme; I'm in disguise
I'm a busy person, got no time for lies; one of a kind
They don't see it; I pull out they eyes; I'm on the rise!
I've been doin' this for most my life with no advice (woo!)
Take my chances, I just roll the dice, do what I like
As a kid, I was afraid of heights, put that aside
Now I'm here and they look so surprised, well so am I, woo!
They don't invite me to the parties but I still arrive
Kick down the door and then I go inside
Give off that "I do not belong here" vibe
Then take the keys right off the counter, let's go for a ride
Why do y'all look mortified? (ayy!)
I keep to myself, they think I'm sorta shy, organized
Let You Down's the only song you've heard of? Well then you're behind (woo!)
Story time; wish that I could think like Big Sean does, but I just can't decide (aah!)
If I should stick my knife inside of Pennywise
I, I don't care what anybody else thinks—lies (haha!)
I do not need nobody to help me—lies
I kinda feel guilty 'cause I'm wealthy; why?
I don't understand, it's got me questionin' like, "Why?
Just tell me why"—not back to this flow
Inside I feel divided
Back when I ain't had a dime, but had the drive
Back before I ever signed, I questioned life, like, "Who am I, man?" Woo!
Nothin' to me's ever good enough
I could be workin' for twenty-four hours a day and think I never did enough
My life is a movie but there ain't no tellin' what you're gonna see in my cinema (no!)
I wanna be great but I get it in the way of myself and I think about everything that I could never be
Why do I do it though? Ayy, yeah
Why you always lookin' aggravated?
Not a choice, you know I had to make it
When they talk about the greatest, they gon' probably never put us in the conversation
Like somethin' then I gotta take it
Write somethin' then I might erase it
I love it, then I really hate it
What's the problem, Nathan? I don't know!
I know I like to preach to always be yourself (yeah)
But my emotions make me feel like I am someone else
Me and pride had made a pact that we don't need no help
Which feels like I'm at war inside myself but I forgot the shells
I hold my issues up for all to see, like show and tell
A lot of people know me, but not a lot know me well
Hold my issues up for all to see, like show and tell
A lot of people know me, but they don't know me well

Too many faces, too many faces, too many faces
Yeah, you, baby, you
You're something special
Baby, I know
I know what you're thinkin'
Maybe, maybe I'm wasting your time
But I promise, but I promise
I know that I go back and forth
But I won't let you, I won't let you, I won't let you down
Yeah

I meant it when I told you I would change
Meant it when I told you I would stay
Sick of talkin' on the phone, babe
Time to pack your car and come to my state
Come to my place, look at my face, oh, yeah
You know I ain't playin'
I'm savin' some money, yeah, hop in the car
And get on the road, here we go
Baby, I can't lie
I'm a little bit, I'm a little bit scared right now, girl, girl, yeah

You said you want more
And I can't blame you for
Askin' me what's somethin' you deserve

You're special
Yo-yo-you're special
Oh yeah, you're special
Yo-yo-you're special

Yeah, I knew it, you was my type
We ain't gotta skip to the highlight
You're the highlight, girl, of my life (woo)
Both of us have got a past, but it's alright
All night car rides
Drivin' through the city, yeah, the view's fantastic
It's automatic, could see you smile, gotta have it
She got me thinkin' maybe I'ma have to put a ring on it, girl
I ain't never been a romantic, but I can romance ya'
Get your shoes on, baby, I am not asking
I'm 'bout to take you out to dinner, put the black dress on
Got the room gaspin', how did this happen?
I don't even know
She's the type to sing my words at the show
She's the type to pick me up when I'm low
And remind me she got my back, no matter what
Yeah, I think she hearin' me now
Say what I think, so I'm thinkin' out loud
I need a woman I know I can trust, and I got one
I guess you can say that she down
Callin' my phone, and she told me she proud
She said my name and I like how that sounds, oh, yeah
(I like that)

I like how this sounds
(Baby, I—yeah)
Baby, don't make me lose myself
Baby, I need somebody I know I can trust (yeah)
I mean, I'm being honest
I ain't ever met a girl like you (no)
Baby, you can call me
You can call me anytime
You can call me any day, anytime
You know I'ma answer
I won't let you, I won't let you down, yeah

You said you want more
And I can't blame you for
Askin' me for somethin' you deserve (You deserve it)

You're special, yeah
Yo-yo-you're special
I said, girl, I said, you're special
I said, you're special
I'm dedicated, the definition of dedication
Wrote this whole record while I was levitating
Sittin' in my room with the pen and paper, I'm innovative
They've been afraid of me since I was a second grader
I'm the kid on the playground mama told you to never play with
There's levels of music—and I'm in the elevator
Going up to the top floor, look how we elevated
What, you don't know the brand by now? You better get educated
Take both of my arms, rip 'em out the sockets and separate 'em
Forgive me, yeah, I know I get animated
Don't matter, I still write a better record than yours without a hesitation
Never been more motivated
Just look at all the minds I have opened and penetrated
See, I am the voice of all these kids that think things, but never say 'em
That's why they come to my shows wearing the NF hoodies and hats low like we're carrying weapons, ah!
Put the controllers away, it's game over
I promise I'm way colder
The fans keep saying that they're hungry for new music
Well that's pretty convenient 'cause I just made a plate for 'em
And I don't hear what none of y'all are saying
I just sit at the keys feeling the music
Got me thinking I'm Beethoven
The game needs a makeover
If you've been waiting, the wait's over
You ain't notice, y'all about to witness a takeover, I'm home!
Yeah, they waiting on me to match the
Emotion that I had in the last one
What if I don't, they gon' tell me that I'm losing my passion?
If I do, am I repeating my actions?
Yeah, look, "How Could You Leave Us" is massive
There ain't nothing I can write that'll match that
My biggest fear writing this record wasn't putting out trash
It was disappointing myself and the fanbase
Now I want you to picture me:
I'm in a hotel rapping, crying on the floor of the bathroom
Staring in the mirror, my room, hands shaking playing "How Could You Leave Us" through the speakers on my iPhone
Tryna figure out if I'ma always feel the way that I feel or maybe someday I can learn to be happy
Or maybe I can't be, 'cause if the music ain't emotional enough, are they gon' call me a has-been?
Pain's always been the root of my music
If I cut it off, how am I supposed to keep growing
If I let it go, won't my whole career be in ruins?
That's when I realized this whole conversation is stupid
I never cared to impress people that don't even know me
I just write what I feel, somehow it started a movement
Trying to enjoy a career, but I don't know how to do it
When I spend all of my time being afraid I'ma lose it!
But, then I figured out the reason they follow me
The reason why these fans surrounding me
It's not 'cause I'm a "Rap God"
I don't need you people to bow to me
All they ever did was doubt on me, now everyone's proud of me
Acknowledge me or not, you ain't ignoring the following
I'm just teaching 'em something they couldn't learn in they colleges
This is for the kids feeling like they live at the bottom and every day of they lives, feels like it's darker than Halloween!
Yeah, you ain't alone out there, look around you—we got a lot of fans in here
Couple hundred thousand, that's what we did last year
Listen to Intro III, trying to kill my fear
They'll get that in a minute
We about to shatter the critics
I am a savage, admit it
A lot of baggage I live in
That's why the passion is different
Really don't care if they get it
We're only three records in it and this is just the beginning
I'm home!

Real music
You spend your life in a dream that you can't escape
'Cause you live your life in a coma, you're never awake
If you'd open your eyes then maybe you'd see what's at stake
You're sleeping, you're sleeping

You make a lot of money and you live in a mansion
And pretty much got everything that you could ever imagine
But you feel like even though you got everything in the world
You got nothing
So what you do then is you start going backwards
You runnin' in a direction
And you lookin' for something that isn't real
And all you know is that you just gotta have it
What you're doin' is sleepin'
And thinking that you're awake and you're not
And the problem is that you don't know what you're after
So you put everything that you have into what you do
Hoping that one day maybe you don't have to feel like you're empty
But as you get older a lot of weight on your shoulders is getting heavy
Then you look back and you start to regret things
You only get one life
And every time you lookin' at yours
You feel like everything you have is a waste!
And the problem and the reason you could never fill a hole in your life
Is because you were never awake

You spend your life in a dream that you can't escape
'Cause you live your life in a coma, you're never awake

Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up!
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up!
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up!
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up!

You wake up in the morning
But you feel like you never got up and go to work
And you feelin' like you ain't got a purpose
And you tryna get motivated but everything you do turns into a mess
Like you ain't nothing but worthless
And, yo, you look around
A lot of these other people you lookin' at
To you, you describe as perfect
So you point a finger at God and tell him to do his job
And fix ya life up 'cause nothin' is workin'!
And you will try to hide it and make it seem like it's nothin'
But really you feel like everything is crashin' around you
And you developed a problem in trusting in other people
Which later became an issue that would mentally pound you!
You only get one life
But every time you lookin' at yours you feel like all you ever see are mistakes
And the problem and the reason you could never move forward in life
Is because you were never awake!
Wake up

You spend your life in a dream that you can't escape
'Cause you live your life in a coma, you're never awake

Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up!
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up!
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up!
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up!

You spend your life in a dream that you can't escape
'Cause you live your life in a coma, you're never awake
Only time you ever call me is when you feelin’ like don't nobody else wanna listen
When’s the last time you saw me
You probably don’t remember that ’cause that was back then you were different
I don’t wanna hear the sorry’s
I’m tired of all the talkin’ to be honest I would rather see a difference
Yeah, you pass me in the hallway
But you ain’t say a word to me
Lately all I ever feel is distant
You don’t care that you lost me
What’s wrong with ya
Had a picture of you sittin’ on the dash in the car with me
Now it’s in my closet with the other ones sittin’ in a box
I don’t wanna open up
You took it all from me
Told me you would die for me
Yeah, all you ever do is lie to me
Wish that I could say that this has come as surprise see to me
Told me that I never took the time and now you ain’t got the time for me
Yeah

I just wanna know oh, oh, oh, oh
When did you get so cold oh, oh, oh
What happened to your soul oh oh  oh
Don’t you see me

We used to talk like best friends
I remember that I guess I don’t know what happened to us
Now you got me questionin’ what trust is
You told me you would be there for me
Yeah, but you ain’t really mean it did ya
Now you wanna jump ship
Leave me here alone
Well, I’m used to it
Everybody else did
Who you havin’ fun with
Don’t tell me I don't wanna know every time I ask I just feel sick
You're the one that jumped in
Told me you had some feelins
Now you tryin’ to tell me that is not true
I ain’t gotta clue
Who I’m lookin’ at right now, but I know the person that I’m lookin’ at is not you
Yeah
They say that you are who you hang with
Maybe that’s the reason you been changin’
Maybe that’s the reason why I’m feelin’ like you’re dangerous
And every time we talk it’s like I’m talkin’ to a stranger

I just wanna know oh, oh, oh, oh
When did you get so cold oh, oh, oh
What happened to your soul oh oh  oh
Don’t you see me
I thought that we were close oh, oh
But now that door is closed oh, oh
When did we lose control oh, oh, oh
Guess you don’t need me
I just wanna know oh, oh, oh, oh
When did you get so cold oh, oh, oh
What happened to your soul oh oh  oh
Don’t you see me
I thought that we were close oh, oh
But now that door is closed oh, oh
When did we lose control oh, oh, oh
Guess you don’t need me
Yeah, look

I mean this with love when I say it
I wanna answer the phone when you call me
The problem is, it's 10 a.m. and you're already drinkin'
You're probably already wasted
What's the point in having conversation with somebody that
Won't remember we had conversations, yeah, we always talk about the same things, we just say 'em different
Try to fix it, crazy, isn't it?
You say, "Mom was always proud" and played the videos of us as kids, I get it
I think that both of us live in the past, so we take for granted the present
Maybe next time I'm in Michigan, I'll come and visit
We ain't got a lot in common but both of us miss her
We could sit inside your smoke-filled livin' room, and tear up together, that's real

I might do some things you don't like
We all make mistakes, that's just life
They might say I changed, that's alright
That's alright, that's alright
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
My life, my life

You know my patience is very thin
Wish I was there again
I'm not embarrassed to say that we've always had issues
I'm embarrassed to say that we never took care of 'em, yeah
Pain will always find its way to the surface
No matter how deep you bury him
Growin' up, I felt like no one ever really got me, eventually
I took that out on relationships (woo)
I put my arm around you, and I mean it, I love you to death
These are the moments I know I'ma always hold onto and cherish 'em, yeah
Life's about taking chances, making moves
Not about what you did, it's what you do
Build on what you got and learn from what you lose
And never let people distract you from being you

I might do some things you don't like
We all make mistakes, that's just life
They might say I changed, that's alright
That's alright, that's alright
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
My life, my life

That's just my, that's just my, that's just my
That's just my, that's just my, that's just my
That's just my, that's just my, that's just my
(Oh no no no) Yeah
That's just my, that's just my, that's just my
That's just my, that's just my, that's just my
That's just my, that's just my, that's just my
Life

That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
That's just my life, my life, my life, my life
My life, my life
(Yeah!) I'm back, did anyone miss me?
They said the second record can be tricky
Well, that's kind of funny, 'cause I am not trippin'
My fans—they know what it is and they with me
Yeah, I ain't the type that's gon' ride with the semi
I came from a town with three lights and no city
I've been doing shows for nothin' but pennies
When I leave the stage, they never forget me
Mansion was a glimpse of my life
I let you see what it's like to be in my head
People ask me what I think I think I'd be doin'
If it wasn't music, I'd rather be dead, agh!
You heard what I said, that was like me at a three
You don't wanna see me at ten
Or maybe you do
I promise if that is the case, then that is what y'all gonna get
If you're looking for music with watered down lyrics
I promise that you need to go somewhere else
And if you want somebody to tell you everything
That you wanna hear, I won't be any help
This flow is familiar, I think I heard it before
Yeah, I made it myself!
I left the door open to come in my mansion
But I never said it's a beautiful house
Some of y'all sat on the porch
Looked at my windows and stared at my door
They ask me if I'm gonna kill it this record
I laugh in their face and I ask 'em, "Do you see the blood on the floors?"
"He's at it again"
"NF is crazy, he's bad for the kids"
"He never talks about nothing but him"
"And my friends say, 'He's kind of a diva.'"
Well, you need to get some new friends
I'm as chill as it gets
'Til I get on the stage and flip on the switch
And I go to a place where nobody is
If you bring up my name in a song, that's something that you will regret
Learned a lot in a year
I remember the shows when no one was there
I remember the shows when nobody cared
Some people in front of me laughing like, "He isn't going nowhere."
It's funny now, isn't it?
This type of life isn't how I envisioned it
This type of life, it just ain't how I pictured it
I'm in the back of the tour bus
Tryin' to FaceTime my family, it's different
Not what you think it is
Write a review, tell me what you think of this
Give me three stars and call me an idiot
But to be honest, it don't make a difference
I know some people don't get it
But you have now entered a therapy session
If you don't like music that's personal
I have no clue what you people are doin' here, might as well throw out the record
I pull up a chair, I talk to my music like nobody's there
Only person I judge is the one in the mirror
And lately, he ain't doin' well
I don't need y'all in my ear
I'm tired of hearin' it
You call it music, I call her my therapist
She keep on telling me I have been carryin'
Way too much baggage, I need to take care of it
I know she's right, but, man, it's embarrassing
Music has raised me more than my parent did
Take out a picture of us and I stare at it
Who am I kiddin'? You probably ain't hearin' this
Show me an artist you wanna compare me with
You put us both on a track, I'ma bury 'em
Give me the shovel, it's 'bout to get scarier
None of you want it with rap, who you staring at?
I see you got beats, but where is the lyrics at?
NF is the logo, you know I've been wearin' that
Don't come to my show and be sittin' that very back
I call you out in the crowd like, "There he is!"
Thought I'd be happy, it feels like I'm cursed
It's hard to be clean when you play in the dirt
You gave me this place to go when I'm hurtin'
I thought it'd get better, but it's getting worse
And I got nobody to blame when I work
Like 24/7, I ain't been to church
And Satan keep callin' me, he tryna flirt
I hang up the phone, these are more than just words
I drive on that highway and listen to Mansion
I look up to God like, "When did this happen?"
Yellin' with all of my fans to wake up
But feel like I haven't
I get emotional, I didn't plan this
I'm doing things I never imagined
I'm sorry, but I gotta leave
I don't wanna be late for my therapy session, agh!
When I die, put my ashes in a trash bag
I don't care where they go
Don't waste your money on my gravestone
I'm more concerned about my soul
Everybody's gon' die
Don't everybody live though
Sometimes I look up to the sky
And wonder…

"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord)? Oh Lord?"
"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord)? Oh Lord?"
"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord, oh)? Oh Lord?"
"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord, oh)? Oh Lord?"

Listen! Yeah, everybody wants change
Don't nobody wanna change though
Don't nobody wanna pray
'Til they got something to pray for
Know everybody's gon' die
But don't everybody live though
Sometimes I look up to the sky
And wonder…

"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord)? Oh Lord?"
"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord)? Oh Lord?"
"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord, oh)? Oh Lord?"
"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord, oh)? Oh Lord?"

It's easy to blame God, but harder to fix things
We look in the sky like, "Why ain't you listening?"
Watchin' the news in our livin' rooms on the big screens
And talking 'bout, "If God's really real, then where is he?"
You see the same God that we're sayin' might not even exist
Becomes real to us, but only when we dyin' in bed
When you're healthy, it's like, we don't really care for Him then
Leave me alone God, I'll call you when I need you again
Which is funny, everyone will sleep in the pews
Then blame God for our problems like he's sleeping on you
We turn our backs on him, what do you expect him to do?
It's hard to answer prayers when nobody's prayin' to you
I look around at this world we walk on
It's a smack in the face, don't ever tell me there's no God
And if there isn't then what are we here for?
And what are y'all doing down there? I don't know, Lord

"(Do you see us? Oh Lord)? Oh Lord?"
"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord)? Oh Lord?"
"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord, oh)? Oh Lord?"
"Do you see us down here, oh Lord (oh Lord, oh)? Oh Lord?"

Do you see us down here, oh Lord?
Can you see us down here, oh Lord?
Oh Lord, oh Lord
Can you see us?
Can't you see us?
When did I become so numb?
When did I lose myself?
All the words that leave my tongue
Feel like they came from someone else

I'm paralyzed, where are my feelings?
I no longer feel things, I know I should
I'm paralyzed, where is the real me?
I'm lost and it kills me inside, I'm paralyzed

When did I become so cold?
When did I become ashamed? (ohh)
Where's the person that I know?
They must have left, they must have left, with all my faith

I'm paralyzed, where are my feelings?
I no longer feel things, I know I should
I'm paralyzed, where is the real me?
I'm lost and it kills me inside, I'm paralyzed

I'm paralyzed
I'm scared to live, but I'm scared to die
And if life is pain, then I buried mine
A long time ago, but it's still alive
And it's taking over me—where am I?
I wanna feel something, I'm numb inside
But I don't feel nothing, I wonder why
I'm on the race of life and time passes by
Look, I sit back and I watch it
Hands in my pockets
Waves come crashing over me, but I just watch 'em
I just watch 'em
I'm under water but I feel like I'm on top of it
I'm at the bottom and I don't know what the problem is
I'm in a box, but I'm the one who locked me in
Suffocatin', and I'm running out of oxygen

I'm paralyzed, where are my feelings?
I no longer feel things, I know I should
I'm paralyzed, where is the real me?
I'm lost and it kills me inside, I'm paralyzed

I'm paralyzed (I'm just so paralyzed)
Where are my feelings? (Yeah, I'm just so paralyzed)
I no longer feel things (I have no feelings)
I know I should (Oh, how come I'm not moving? Why aren't I moving? Ay yeah)
I'm paralyzed
Where is the real me? (Where is the real me? Where is the real me?)
I'm lost and it kills me - inside (I'm paralyzed, I'm paralyzed)
I'm paralyzed (I'm paralyzed)
Call me at 3 a.m., tellin' me that I could be the one, oh, yeah
Maybe I was in love from the outside, guess I ain't what you want no more
If you got someone else inside of your life, yeah, that's good for you, I'm happy
You got someone that makes you smile more than I ever did, yeah, that's great

Listen, why they always tryna hurt me?
Why they always tryna burn me?
I swear to God, shoulda never even happened in the first place
Only time you hit me's on my birthday
Wish that I could tell you that I got a lot of love for you
Wish that I could tell you I got trust for you
Once you put some money in the bank you understand that the money ain't enough for you
Yeah, look what it's done to you
Everyone's your friend when the music start buzzin'
I'm closer to the people that were there when I was nothin'
Tryna talk about the past but you always changin' subject
I ain't good at shakin' hands but I'm good at holdin' grudges
Why you always frontin', huh? Always tryna play wit' me (woo)
Yeah, whatchu gotta say to me?
I am not a slave to the people writin' checks to me
This is destiny, they ain't never had respect for me, ah!

Call me at 3 a.m., tellin' me that I could be the one, oh, yeah
Maybe I was in love from the outside, guess I ain't what you want no more
If you got someone else inside of your life, yeah, that's good for you, I'm happy
You got someone that makes you smile more than I ever did, yeah, that's great

I don't like that!
I don't like that, no! (I'm really sorry)
I don't like that!
Why you actin' shady on me?
Why you always tryna-
Why you always tryna play, I ain't got a clue right now
Everything I ever wanted was someone, I'm watching them go

Yeah, you said I'm scared for you
Lemme say a prayer for you
Hope you never make it to the top just to find out there ain't nothing there for you
And now the people tryna tell you that they care for you, never cared for you
First time that you ever told me that you loved me, I know that was probably weird for you
'Cause I didn't say it back, I'm so caught up in the past, and I know I wasn't fair to you, woo!
Maybe I don't see the world like I'm s'posed to
Maybe I'm just living in a nightmare
Maybe all the people that I thought that I was close to
Wouldn't be around if it wasn't for my career
Yeah, this third record doesn't pop off, how many people 'bout to drop off?
I know how it works, if the record doesn't work, then it's my fault
I'm in a room full of fans singin' my thoughts, my God, woo!

Call me at 3 a.m., tellin' me that I could be the one, oh, yeah
Maybe I was in love from the outside, guess I ain't what you want no more
If you got someone else inside of your life, yeah, that's good for you, I'm happy
You got someone that makes you smile more than I ever did, yeah, that's great

I don't like that!
I don't like that, no! (I'm really sorry)
I don't like that!
Why you actin' shady on me?
Why you always tryna-
Why you always tryna play, I ain't gotta clue right now
Everything I ever wanted was someone, I'm watching them go

Yeah, yeah, I'm done with that
Reminiscing 'bout all we had
We got nowhere to go, you got all the things you wanted
Got everything that you wanted
Yeah
Oh yeah (oh yeah!)
Just let me work, no, just let me work, no
I'm out here grindin'
Yeah, I'm out here grindin' (woo!)
I told 'em (oh yeah!) that I'm out here grindin'
I'm out here gri—(hey, hey!)

You ain't never heard nothin' like this
Let me work, show me where the mic is
I'm on stage, black shirt, in my Timbs
You know how I do it, I ain't playin' with you, I've been grindin' Anybody tryna sleep on me better do somethin' with your eyelids
I hear a lot of whinin', but I don’t hear a lot of rhymin', woo!
Everybody got opinions, let it go into my ear and then I block that
Put me on stage, I'ma rock that
Sayin' you the best? Stop that
Phony, I am not that, yeah
What are y'all doin' out here? What are y'all doin' out here?
Maybe you should spend a little less time with the women on your arms and a little bit more with your career
I ain't saying I'm the best, but I should be in the top ten; give me a list of names, I'ma top them
I'm just playing with ya, I don't care where the top is
Leave me at the bottom, let me work for it
You ain't never gonna find another rapper in the game and tell me that he works more
Tell me that he works more, nah!
You might see me with my hoodie up, I ain't leaving 'til I finish
This industry ain't nothing but a box, but I ain't gon' climb in it
You put me inside a room full of rappers, come back in five minutes
I'ma be the only one still alive, with a note on my chest saying that I did it!
You do it for fame, we are way different
Y'all are looking weak, we ain't cooking in the same kitchen
Everybody got a shirt with a stain in it
Some of us'll never wear it out though, lemme get it!
I guess I don't understand
This wasn't part of my plan
Some of these people, they're thinking 'cause they heard the name that they really know who I am
Bring the beat down!
I got no time for these Hollywood people, I'd rather give time to my fans
You'd rather chill with these women that like you for money
But I'd rather chill with my fam, yeah
I'm out here grindin'
I'm out here grindin'
Yeah, I see the mic but you looking like a pilot
What's the point of a plane if you don't know how to fly it?
Yeah!

I'm out here grindin', okay okay okay
I'm out here grindin', okay okay okay
I'm out here grindin', okay okay okay
I'm out here grindin', all I do is work, all I do is work

Rise of the underdog, I don't like none of y'all
I'm not like one of y'all
I'm from the jungle, I run with the son of God
Yeah, what is you running for?
They should be running from me
Most of my family, we don't even speak
I'm getting married in 22 weeks
And they still haven't said "Hi" or wanted to meet, huh?
I'm not the type to complain
If we don't get it, we try it again
And I'd die for the gang, Misfit my blood
They don't like us and we question they mom like
"Why did—why did you allow your kid to like bad music?"
Woo! Promise I do it (woo!)
I'm tryna give you my everything
I don't care what they are doing
I'm tryna do what they couldn't do
Laugh at the rappers you look up to
Don't waste time with the centerfolds (ay!)
I'm alive, it's a miracle (ooh)
Freestylin' since middle school (woo!)
I will battle the principal (woo!)
Wear all black like a funeral
I'm doing me, I don't live for you (ayy!)
Grindin'!

I'm out here grindin', okay okay okay
I'm out here grindin', okay okay okay
I'm out here grindin', okay okay okay
I'm out here grindin', all I do is work, all I do is work
I'm out here grindin', okay okay okay
I'm out here grindin', okay okay okay
I'm out here grindin', okay okay okay
I'm out here grindin', all I do is work, all I do is work
I'm grindin'

Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
I'm out here, I'm out here grindin'
All I, all I, all I do is work
All I, all I, all I do is grind (woo!)
Yeah
I wanna know, I wanna know
I wanna know, I wanna know

Been sick with the pen since I was ten inches tall
I'm relentless, you guessed it, back with the vengeance
In the set list, every sentence so raw you can sense it
No question, tryna be the best that
Ever walked this earth, if I'm not, then I'm next up
Dressed up like I'm 'bout to hit a bank or somethin'
Yeah, I am not the one you wanna mess with, no!
When I come into the room, put your heads down
I'm a little bit TØP, Stressed Out
What does that mean?
I'm a rap fiend with a bad lead
You could run if you want, but you'll never catch me
So cold with it, y'all don't get it
Let you put me in a cage just so I can open it
Handcuffed, hands up, this is dope to me
Oh, you thought you had me captured? So funny
Better run from me, I don't think you really understand what this does for me
I dress bummy, but I clean up nice, they ain't never seen this side of me
Long T-shirt, they eyein' me
Rules don't apply to me
You better give me my privacy
I got the fans I got because I'm takin' them behind the scenes
You played hide-and-seek, I played hide-from-me, agh!
Yeah, look at all that we accomplished
Quittin' for me's not an option
I wanna look at my kids in the face when I'm older and say I did something admirable
Fast checks, fast women, that don't inspire me, no!
You don't wanna know what's goin' on inside my personal life? Then get out my diary, yeah

I wanna know what it's like to be happy
I wanna know what it's like to wake up in the morning and feel like it's real when I'm laughin' (yeah!)
I wanna know what it's like to sit down with my friends and feel like they might understand me (woo!)
I wanna know that the people around me care less about Grammys and more about family

I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, yeah!)
I wanna know, I wanna know
I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, I wanna know)
I wanna know, I wanna know

Yeah, record labels' signin' artists, they ain't got a clue what to do with
Why would I put my career in the hands of someone that don't even know what they doin'?
Why would I sit in a room full of people that don't even care about me or my future and tell me they ain't really feelin' the vision, then hop on the wagon the moment it's movin', huh?
Heard you tellin' people you don't really like the content
Whatchu wanna hear me rap about?
How I'm on the road gettin' side chicks?
You should treat your mouth like your phone in a movie theater, put that on silence
I don't care what everybody else is doin', I'm just bein' me and that's not how I live
Oh my, oh my, yeah, I'm in the zone now
Zoned out, come to my show with they phones out
Whole crowd, oh wow, that's wild, tone down, no!
I have created my own style
I have created my own sound
Oh, you didn't know? Well, you know it now
Slowin' down
Livin' happy, this is what I was made for
They say you get what you paid for
Grandpa told me, "Always look to Heaven, try to pay attention when you talkin' to God," yeah
I wish I'da paid more, I shoulda prayed more
Everybody's out here shoppin' tryna find a different product in the same stores
Everybody wants they dream to fall in they lap, but don't wanna work for it
I've been doin' this since I was just a kid and mama bought me 8 Mile at the movie store
Hopin' someday maybe I could do what I love for a livin' with people I care for
People that care more about me as person than money I make for 'em, yeah!

I wanna know what it's like to be happy
I wanna know what it's like to wake up in the morning and feel like it's real when I'm laughin' (yeah!)
I wanna know what it's like to sit down with my friends and feel like they might understand me (woo!)
I wanna know that the people around me care less about Grammys and more about family

I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know (Woo! Yo!)
I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, I wanna know)
I wanna know, I wanna know
I wanna know, I wanna know (Woo!)

I wanna know, I wanna know (Woo! Yeah!)
I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, I wanna know)
I wanna know, I wanna know (Yeah, I wanna know)
I wanna know, I wanna know
Oh these hands are tired
Oh this heart is tired
Oh this soul is tired
But I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on

Faith is something I am not accustomed to
And trusting other people's something I don't really love to do
I've never been a fan of it, I act tougher
Really my shoulders they ain't built for this and I don't have nothing
It's like I'm standing in the rain and you offer me a raincoat
But I would rather stand there and get wet than take the handout
What's wrong with me? You said you've always got your hands out
And I cannot continue on my own, so take my hands now
I give you everything, God, not just a little bit
Take it from me, I am nothing but a hypocrite
I hate sin, but I built a house and I still live in it
Afraid to open up the door to You and let You into it
My soul is lost and what it needs is Your direction
I know, I've told You I do not need Your protection
But I lied to You, this thing is tiring
And man was not created for it, God
Please retire me now

Oh these hands are tired
Oh this heart is tired
Oh this soul is tired
But I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on

Trust is something I am not accustomed to
And I know the Bible says I should always trust in You
But, I don't never read that book enough
And when I have a question I don't take the time to look it up
Or pick it up
It collects dust on my nightstand
I'm just being honest
Please take this outta my hands
I have no control - I am just a person
But thank the Lord that I serve a God that's perfect
I do not deserve the opportunity You've given me
I never knew what freedom was until I learned what prison means
I am not ashamed, I don't care if they remember me
My life will always have a hole, if You are not the centerpiece
Take me out of bondage, take all of my pride
If I don't have a Savior, I don't have nothing inside
Take all of my lust, take all of my lies
There's no better feeling than when I look in the sky, in Your eyes
It's amazing

Oh these hands are tired
Oh this heart is tired
Oh this soul is tired
But I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on

Woaahh
Woah woah woah
Woaahh
Woah woah woah
Woaah
Woah woah woah
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
Woaahh
Woah woah woah
Woaahh
Woah woah woah
Woaah
Woah woah woah
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
Woaahh
Woah woah woah
Woaahh
Woah woah woah
Woaah
Woah woah woah
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
I'll keep on
Breathe
Breathe

I grew up in a small place, had to drive an hour just to see a movie
I'm a simple person, city life just doesn't move me
I'd rather be home with my grandparents and playing Euchre
Didn't wanna leave but this dream's calling, I had to do it
I left my girl there, wish I would've done it different
She was right when she told me that I don't ever listen
I told her I would change a million times and never did it
Apologies don't mean a thing if you don't ever fix it
I love what I do but it's not what I expected
This industry is not your friend, well that's my perspective
Sometimes the closest people to you make you feel protected
But those are the same people that hurt you most and leave you guessing
Some people say nobody's perfect but expect perfection
How you supposed to find the answer if you don't ask the question?
Sometimes I look into the mirror and talk to my reflection
When I go home and turn the music off, what am I left with?

Breathe
Breathe

We used to be close but as time passed, we became disconnected
You never felt love and I always felt disrespected
Your family thought I was a joke, I was always defensive
They just wanted what was best for you, I just couldn't accept it
And hurting you was not a part of my plan or my intentions
But I was immature, I guess I had to learn some lessons
We grew apart and our lives went in different directions
And there's a lot of responsibilities that I neglected
I had a lot that was bottled inside, couldn't express it
And this pain won't leave, I can feel the depression
It's taking over my body, feels like I'm always stressing
Doctor told me I should sleep, but I'm always restless
I lay awake at night and think, my thoughts are relentless
I need a moment to breathe, I need a moment to vent this
I seem to be the only person that I play pretend with
And when I turn the music off, what am I really left with huh?

Breathe
Breathe
I talk to God like, "What's next for me?"
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny (destiny)
Fulfillin' my destiny, yeah
I talk to God like, "What's next for me?"
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny (destiny)
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny, yeah!

I told y'all I'm a psycho
Ain't no tellin' what I might do, yeah
Doubt put his hands around my throat, so I cut 'em off
That's what you get for steppin' on my toes
At the top of the key, that's an iso
My career about to take off, flight mode
You don't like where we're headed, what you sittin' on my flight for, huh?
Yeah, they said, "Wait until your time comes"
Nope! Time's up
You put in the album, got you thinkin' it's your birthday, woo!
Yeah, I'm full of surprises
A lot of pressure on the records, so you know I'm makin' diamonds
Tell me, how would you define this?
You witnessin' the finest
Yeah, you never know what you can do until you try it, ah!
I been workin' late nights like I'm Letterman
He ain't workin' anymore? Well forget it then
Somebody get the sedatives
Too late, yeah the lightbulb's off in my head again
Where is Edison for my adrenaline?
Rushin' through my veins like it's never did
What good is the body, man, if you ain't got the head with it?
Since a kid up I've been a pessimist
I like to focus on the negatives, oh Lord!

I talk to God like, "What's next for me?"
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny (all day!)
Yeah, my pops told me he was proud, I don't think he knew what that meant to me
Yeah, you try to take advantage of me before you die, you'll be dead to me (all day!)
Before you die, you'll be dead to me
Laugh when they question me, y'all ain't no threat to me, yeah

I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny (all day!)
To the death of me, I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny (all day!)
To the death of me, I'm just fulfillin' my destiny

Yeah, you know I keep it real honest
Real topics, ain't no way I will stop it
Chills watching everything that's going on around me, they wonder if I still got it
I'm still rhymin', just another day in paradise, Phil Collins
'Til you put your hands on me, yeah, now we got a real problem
Pay homage, make comments
We in the same genre, but I can guarantee we don't put out the same product
Get away from me, there ain't nothing you can say to me
Tried to roll my name through the dirt, that's fine, I was made from it
You ain't made it to them printin' shirts with your face on it
Outside tryna sell 'em at your shows, those are fake, dummy
This is something can't nobody ever take from me
No mistakin' me, take a blade to me, take a vein from me
Let me know what you get when you pull the DNA from me, woo!
No matches, I've been the baddest, no way to match it
You never seen the passion that's even half this
I'm wreakin' havoc
I think the fact that you think I'm average is kinda madness
So quit your naggin', you couldn't fathom what I've imagined
Forget the mansion, I'm in the attic
It's pretty graphic, but had to happen
You won't see it, get your glasses, forget the status

Yeah, I feel like we might be on the come-up (all day!)
Knew I was a problem how I showed up (ayy!)
Did not have to sell out, but the show does (all day!)
They ask me why I do it, so I told 'em (yeah!)

I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny (all day!)
To the death of me, I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny (all day!)
To the death of me, I'm just fulfillin' my destiny

I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny (all day!)
To the death of me, I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
I'm just fulfillin' my destiny (all day!)
To the death of me, I'm just fulfillin' my destiny
Yeah
Something for the fans
Yeah

I'm the type to rent a hotel room just to feel at home
I'm the type to rent a hotel room just to be alone (yeah)
I got an issue with people pretending they like what they don't
Please don't bring up my issues unless you gon' deal with your own
Please don't try to pretend like you keep it real, though
Yeah it's funny that you got a lotta money
But that money doesn't buy you skills, though
I don't care if I am on the billboards
On a killing spree, I'm about to kill more
Got a chain on you paid a mill' for
I mean what you people even live for?
I write raps, you steal yours, oh Lord (haha)
We just getting warmed up
Yeah, I said I was coming, I warned you
So close to the fans
I feel like they ride on my tour bus
You wanna know what I do in my downtime?
They come to my fortress
I apologize for all the corpses
It's a mess right now
But I haven't had time to put the rappers in the coffins
We ain't talked in like six years
Why you writing me now?
I just turned 100k down
Just to keep the brand looking right, now (that's real)
I ain't bragging about the money
I'm just saying I ain't controlled by the bank account
Or the bank amounts
I'm a business man
But don't touch my money
I don't play around, woo!
Lights out when the mic's out
About to hit the West Coast
Hype crowds
I just put a record out
What you think I'm gonna pipe down?
Nah, I've been looking for a beat
Look what I found, woo!
I mean everything is coming out of my mouth
Tried to tell me, yeah, I ain't had the right sound
Oh yeah? Well
Tell me what you think now
Two records in the bag, I ain't done though
What's coming next year?
Let me hear the drum roll
Don't flow
Anybody wanna be the one to make an issue out of nothing?
Imma hit you with my iPhone
I know
I'm a little out of hand now
I ain't looking for a handout
You ain't like what I was doing last year
Which is funny 'cause you lookin' like a fan now
Are you a fan now?
I kinda miss being broke
Now let me go back to my old days
When I used to walk into high school
And hand out my CD in hallways
I told all my teachers that I'd be a rapper
They smiled and looked at me, "Okay, that's a pretty nice dream, but you better get a real job."
Mmm, no way
Yeah, I live what you dreamin'
I could do this while I'm sleepin'
I ain't the type that will bring up your name for nothing
But please, don't give me a reason
I'm on the edge now, I ain't playin' with you
Never really been a fan of takin' pictures
I'm just being honest, yeah, I'll take it with you
Shows sellin' out, better get your tickets, oh Lord!
I got a love for the fans
I can't express what it feels like
Sometimes I wonder if it's even real life
Sometimes I look at the past and think about how I got here in the first place
You know the glove is my birthplace
I don't wanna be rude
But I could get you on my worst days
Say nothing for me
Do it all the time
Yeah they barely workin' while I'm workin' overtime
Last year they like, "Who am I?"
Now this year they like, "You the guy."
Here's a little something for your car rides
If they said I fell off, they all lied
Yeah, you know the logo
Better recognize
Yeah it's Real Music 'til the day we die
Yah!
Wait, wait, wait
Don't leave me
Wait, wait, wait
Don't leave me
Where you going?
Where you going?
Why you leaving?
(Wait)
I can't lose you, I can't lose you
Girl I need You
Girl I need You
(Wait)
And don't you love me? Don't you love me?
Guess you don't want me, you don't want me
(Wait)
We back and forth, yeah, this ain't working, this ain't working
Love ain't perfect, love ain't perfect

I'm holding on to pieces of us
That I just can't let go
I know this is a desperate kind of love
But it feels like it's home
Where you going? (Where you going?)
I'm holding on to pieces of us
Cause I just can't let go

Wait, wait, wait
Don't leave me
Wait, wait (wait)
What you thinking? What you thinking?
Where's your mind at?
(Wait)
Don't you miss us, don't you miss us
Cause you don't call back, you don't call back
(Wait)
Are you happy? Tell me are you happy?
Are you smiling? Are you smiling?
(Wait)
Girl what happened? Tell me, girl what happened?
Cause I am dying, I am dying

I'm holding on to pieces of us
That I just can't let go
I know this is a desperate kind of love
But it feels like it's home
Where you going? (Where you going?)
I'm holding on to pieces of us
Cause I just can't let go

We don't wanna have a conversation
We dont wanna think about it, we wanna just fake it
We just wanna act like everything is great
Go back to the day watchin' movies in the basement
And the problem is now I'm feeling like everything is changed
And I'm trying to make a livin' on the music
But I feel like every time I look at you I'm in a place
It's hard to be the man of the house when you ain't gotta house (I hate this)
It's complicated, it's complicated
We don't wanna talk, it's complicated
I'm sitting in the hotel room like, "Why?"
Call your phone and apologize
There's gotta be a way we can make this right
We can make this right

I'm holding on to pieces of us
That I just can't let go
I know this is a desperate kind of love
But it feels like it's home
Where you going? (Where you going?)
I'm holding on to pieces of us
Cause I just can't let go

I'm holding on to pieces of us
That I just can't let go
I know this is a desperate kind of love
But it feels like it's home
Wait, wait, wait
Don't leave me
Wait, wait, wait
Don't leave me
You and I, we've been through a lot together
And I look back and I just uh, I appreciate all the times that we had together, you know?
I remember just going down in my room and
You know dealing'... trying to deal with some things
And you have always been there for that
Always, just me and you

You and I've been best friends, ever since I was a young kid
Everything we did, where has time went?
Got a lot of years coming up ahead of us
And ever since we met
I knew we'd get somewhere
But the fact is I ain't really, I ain't really know when
I don't really know how either, but I can feel the goose bumps, my skin writing
Now I've been waiting for the moment
You and I can make it happen
Lot of people think we ain't gonna make it rapping
I ain't got a problem with em though, they don't even matter
We ain't looking for the people tryna say that we the baddest
No I never liked that, came a long way, never did it for the money
We ever make it big, I'ma give it to the family
Looking back now everything is looking funny
You and I in the room writing, up late when the mood strikes us
We don't care if they do like us
Writing songs for the haters we ain't even got yet
Freestyling? Somebody turn the mic up
Talking bout things we don't really understand
Talking bout things we don't really comprehend
Me and you tryna get it, we ain't quitting till the end
Now I'm standing on stage tryna give it to the fans, yah!

We took that karaoke machine from my room
And uh, we put it up to my CD player and played the instrumentals
Man... We've come a long way
A long way

I made a lot of mistakes
You've been there for the whole thing
Help me with the drama
Rapping in the car outside daily
We don’t care if it’s the winter
We don’t care if its the summer
I remember writing raps with the curse words
I just wanna hear it, seems like everybody does it
Did it for awhile wasn't into all the cussin'
Tried to find who I was
Being everything I wasn't
Real life, yeah!
Gotta lot of anger
You know where I'm at, put it all over the pages
And wrote it into raps, said that we could be amazing, if I give us a chance
Now I'm lookin round like yeah, look at where we at
Look at where we at now, we ain't made it yet but they can hear us in the background comin'
Some are gonna hate it, some are gonna love it
I'ma put it in his hands and let God do the judging, yeah
Remember me and you always had you in the backpack
Took you into school writing on you like its nuthin' a lot of people in the room
See me scribble on a page but they ain't got a clue, nah they ain't got a clue
We're at the beginning hoping someday you and I can say
We made it and we did it
You ain't nuthin but a notepad to me, who you kiddin?
I'm just runnin out of space I'll be back in a minute
Turn the page homie

You know what’s crazy is
This just started as something that was an escape for us
You know?
And now I look around and, there’s a lot of people going through the same things, you know, we've been through
Now this music we write is actually making an impact, it’s crazy
(Oh, ohhh ohhh....)

NF Real Music
I'm boss with it, authentic, all y'all frauds better
Quit with the trash talk before you get tossed in it
Y'all tripping, bar ripping, y'all sipping too much, write 'till the palms dripping
Lost in it, thoughts different, you don't want no drama? Then don't get involved in it
I'm in a whole different head space, you making money? Well that's great
I got no interest in talking to people that I know are two-faced, too fake, get outta my face, woo!
What are you doing in my lane? There's already too many rappers
I'm sick of the traffic and I ain't got no brakes
I already passed you, you don’t like what I’m doing, who asked you?
You got into music 'cause you think it’s fun, man I’m doing this 'cause I have to
It’s real music, chills to it, feel through it, real stupid
Skills truest, quit moving, woo!
If I say something, I will do it, yeah
I used to dream of these moments
I'm living 'em now
Look up to heaven like, "Mom, are you proud?"
I'm on the way to New Zealand, I'm up in the clouds, dang
I mean who woulda known this, who woulda known this
This industry never told me I was welcome
I went to the house with a bat and I broke in
Then told 'em that I would be back
I flatline, all of your whack rhymes, that's mine
Might get away from it, boy, MM LP—I'm the bad guy, last time
I have been taking it easy, the game's mine, fame why?
I don't care about none of that, I'm just sick of the trash lines
I grew up on Eminem, now look where the game's at
Lame raps, Hollywood fame acts, I'm sick of the same trash
I got no blunt in my mouth but give me a beat, I'ma blaze that, woo!
Give me a beat, I'ma blaze that, you and me ain't in the same class
You and me ain't on the same row, music has always been my home
I used to call up some people that won't call me back, now they blowing up my phone, woo!
Ain't it funny how that works? Mad perks, killing the record
Got blood on my black shirt, I'm jealous in love with the music, don't ever come near her!
I ain't from around here, how you let me run it down here?
If that isn't bothering none of you rappers then what are y'all doing out here?
That was like music to my ears, might never make it, I don't care
Drake, I love what you doing, but call up the game and tell 'em that I'm here, yeah!
I like that, might snap, I laugh, y'all better surrender and get out your white flags
And cancel your flight plans, your career isn't taking off
You sound like a hype man hit you with the mic stand
And they ask what the hype's about, come and find out, I mean, where is you clowns at?
I been training, pen game is insane, I'm done playing
This music is ground breaking, lung shaking, done waiting
Y'all taking my patience, quit faking, y'all hating, it's crazy!
I mean, you know what my name is, Rhyme Slayer, stop Nathan, woo!
It feels like a tear in my heart
Like a part of me missing
And I just can't feel it
I've tried and I've tried
And I've tried

Tears on my face I can't take it
If lonely is a taste then it's all that I'm tasting
Do you hear my cry?
I cry, oh

Can you hold me?
Can you hold me?
Can you hold me in your arms?

Just wrap me in your arms, in your arms
I don't wanna be nowhere else
Take me from the dark, from the dark
I ain't gonna make it myself
Put your arms around me
Put your arms around me
Let your love surround me
I am lost
I am lost

If I ain't got you here
If I ain't got you, I ain't got nothing at all

Can you hold me?
Can you hold me?
Can you hold me in your arms?
In your arms

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, I feel like it's just me, like it's just me
What it gon' take? What it gon' be?
I don't even know
(It's not just you)
But I'm lonely
Feeling like I don't even know me, I don't even know me
(I feel it too)
Gotta have you, gotta see you
(You're the only thing I have to think about
The only one I that can't live without)
I see you
(I need you, need you to hold me now)



If I ain't got you
If I ain't got you
I ain't got nothing
I ain't got nothing
If I ain't got you
I ain't got you
If I ain't got you
I'm lonely
If I ain't with you I'm lonely
I'm lonely
I need you
I need you
Can you hold me?


Can you hold me?

Can you hold me in your arms?

Can you hold me?
Can you hold me?
Can you hold me in your arms?



Feel like it's just me, like it's just me
What it gon' take? What it gon' be?
I don't even know, I don't even know
But I'm lonely, lonely
Feel like I don't even know me
Feels like I don't even know me
I don't even know me
Can you hold me?


Can you hold me?
Can you hold me in your arms?
This thing called love can be so cold
It can be miserable, or it can be beautiful
This thing called love can be so cold
Sometimes it's amazing, sometimes it's crazy
This thing called love

Check, check, ayy, listen!
Yo, love is like a drug that everybody uses
You wanna know the outcome—depends on how you use it
Love could be your best friend, love could be your enemy
Love could be the thing you wish you had, but you don't ever see
And love can be the reason why you're afraid to have it
Some say it like it means something, others it's a habit
And some would say it's tragic, and some would say it's beautiful
Some would say it's black and it's dark like a funeral
And some would die for it, some don't think it's even real
Some say they understand, but really don't know how it feels
Some say that it's alive, some say that it can kill
But most of us that been in it know that sometimes it will
I ain't gonna sugarcoat it, yet sometimes it might surround you
One minute it's savin' you, next it's tryin' to drown you
Some people want to show it, but were never taught how to
And some of us is searchin', feelin' like it never found you

This thing called love can be so cold
It can be miserable, or it can be beautiful
This thing called love can be so cold
Sometimes it's amazing, sometimes it's crazy
This thing called love

Yo, love is like a privilege, a lot of us abuse it
Do with it what we want and then start drama when we lose it
Pretend like it ain't nothing to us, pretend that it's useless
And we don't know why we do this, but yet we still pursue it
And love, it can consume you, turn you into something else
Bury the real you so deep that you can't even find yourself
Love, it can change you, love, it can tear you down
Be the best thing you ever had and kick you on the ground
Yo, you get on that high level, yet you scared to fall
'Cause you know if that person hurts you, you gon' lose it all
They told you they would be there for you, they don't even call
So that openness you used to have has now become a wall
And some say that it's patient, some say that it's kind
I don't think it's invisible, but I know that it's blind
To some it's only physical, or all up in their mind
See, it probably isn't there if you're strugglin' to find it

This thing called love can be so cold
It can be miserable, or it can be beautiful
This thing called love can be so cold
Sometimes it's amazing, sometimes it's crazy
This thing called love

This love has got me down low, now I guess I'm up high
One minute I'm on the ground, next minute I'm in the sky
I feel invincible, and so unrejected
Forget it, I'm invisible, and I feel unprotected
Yo, I don't need nobody else, trust me, I'm fine
I can't do this by myself, I'm losing my mind
Yeah, I can see clearly, forget it, I'm blind
My heart says, "danger," can't you read the signs?
Yo, but through all the pain, I swear I love it
No matter what you do, it don't disappear, does it?
Yo, I'd rather spend a minute with love in my life
Than go a million years without knowing what it's like
You better grab it, you don't wanna lose it
And yeah, it brings pain, it's insane, but the bruises
My God can take that all away, you'll find that right person
And everything you thought that wasn't becomes worth it

This thing called love can be so cold
It can be miserable, or it can be beautiful
This thing called love can be so cold
Sometimes it's amazing, sometimes it's crazy
This thing called love
Yeah
Hey, I'm on a hundred right now
Yeah

They say the flow is soundin' like a mixtape
They ain't see it comin' like a fast break
They ain't see it comin' like Jordan hittin' jumpers, yeah, they ask me
"When that new music 'bout to drop?"
Ain't that what I gave you last week? (Last week!)
Yeah, oh, you done it now
Feels like I'm comin' up, but spit it like I'm underground
Wonder how I come into your city like I run the town
Love the sound
Started on the stage, now we in the crowd, woo!
Yeah, what's with the hype though?
Told me that your record was the greatest, but you lied, though
Told me they consider you a god, yeah, well I don't
Say you never lived until you found something to die for, woo!
Yeah, and that is so true
Forget the haters, remember people you're close to
Now I'm doing things they told me I ain't supposed to
They treat me like a player, that's funny, I'm here to coach you!
Go back to the bench, know where you belong
Say that you've been practicin', well maybe you should do it more
Say that you the boss, yeah? Well, who did you employ?
All these sucky rappers—I don't listen to, I'm so annoyed!

I'm on a hundred!
Yeah, I said I'm on a hundred right now, hey!
We on a hundred!
Yeah, I said we on a hundred right now, oh!
I'm on a hundred!
Yeah, I said I'm on a hundred right now, hey!
We on a hundred!
Yeah, I said we on a hundred right now, oh!

Yeah, you shoulda left this on a high note
Different cities, different time zones
You had me open up for your tour
I leave it lookin' like it's my show
The fans beggin' for the encore, woo!
Yeah, and what you know about
Selling merchandise right out your house?
I got 40 boxes in my living room on the couch
Yeah, me and my girl 'bout to ship them out, oh lord!
Yeah, yeah, I thought I told 'em last record
I'm out here grindin' on a mad level
Always on a hundred, they don't understand the mad hustle
Nah, but that's what happens when the fans love you, I know!
Yeah, I ain't the norm, but I like it though
'Bout to move the family out to Nashville
I'm sleepin' on the floor, got no curtains in the bedroom
Hang up the sheets, yeah, that's the way that I roll!
Yeah, they think the money 'bout to change me
That type of talkin' got me angry, yeah
A lot of people tryna play me
Me and the fan base lookin' like the A-Team, woo
How you tellin' people that we family?
—Hold up—
Yeah, when you ain't even met me
That's the type of thing that may upset me
That's the type of thing that may upset me

I'm on a hundred! (Hundred)
Yeah, I said I'm on a hundred right now, hey!
We on a hundred! (On a hundred!)
Yeah, I said we on a hundred right now, oh!
I'm on a hundred!
Yeah, I said I'm on a hundred right now, hey! (Woo!)
We on a hundred!
Yeah, I said we on a hundred right now, oh!
I'm on a hundred!
Yeah, I said I'm on a hundred right now, hey! (Woo!)
We on a hundred!
Yeah, I said we on a hundred right now, oh!

We on a—we on a hundred right now!
Boy!
Agh!
We gotta talk about things
We gotta do something different
Cause this isn't working, this isn't working
I don't, I don't know if I can do this
Riding 'round in the city, baby
I know you wish you could change me
Why you mad? Girl, why you angry?
Yeah, why you angry?
Back and forth, you love you hate me
Arguing about the same things
I don't, I don't know if I can do this
I don't, I don't know anymore, baby I don't know anymore

I wish you didn't say things, I wish you didn't say things
That you don't mean, that you don't mean
I wish you didn't say things, I wish you didn't say things
That you don't mean, that you don't mean

Yeah, I mean she wants somebody that's working a 9-5
I apologise but those ain't my hours, you ain't never been with a man
Who's working this kinda job, who works for this kind of drive, I wouldn't be with me either
Hold up, yeah I think that's work on the other line, I gotta go, we can argue some another time
Hang up the phone, I regret it right after
This is the chance that I couldn't just pass up
See I signed a deal, you say that I should've asked ya
I guess I was scared to see how you reacted
And maybe I knew I'd be selfish
These are the things I ain't proud of
I'm always the type to get jealous, there's always two sides to the story
And you're not the one that I blame when I tell it, that's real, yeah
You ain't the one, you ain't the one
I mean I should've manned up and that's hard to say as a man
The older I get the more I understand a relationship's more than just holding her hand
I'm sorry, you can blame me, yeah, you can blame me

I wish you didn't say things, I wish you didn't say things
That you don't mean, that you don't mean
I wish you didn't say things, I wish you didn't say things
That you don't mean, that you don't mean

What's going on?
I just wanna feel something, I just wanna feel something
There's too many things I'm tryna deal with
And I understand that you don't feel this
I said there's too many things I'm tryna deal with
And I understand I'm hurting your feelings
I know you don't feel this, yeah
I'm just expressing the way that I'm feeling
The things that I'm trying to deal with
I guess I've been trying to hold it all inside
But it's obvious that ain't working
Yeah it's obvious that ain't working
The only thing we got in common
Is that we got nothing in common, baby
Baby, I guess I don't understand
How did we let this slip through our hands?
We were so in love, and then we lost it all
And now it's over, now it's over
I know we said that we could just be friends
But I can no longer play pretend
Because the memories of us cloud my head
And I'm sorry, so sorry

But, I have to say goodbye
Yeah, goodbye
I don't wanna say it
Nah, I don't wanna say it
I don't wanna say goodbye
Goodbye
But we have to
But we have to

And baby, I guess I can't comprehend
The fact that this could really be the end
I wish we could talk this out instead
But we've tried that
Haven't we tried that?
I'm doing my best to let this go
'Cause it's obvious that we're on different roads
You consume my mind when I'm alone
And I miss you
Oh, how I miss you

But I have to say goodbye (Why?)
Yeah, goodbye (I don't wanna do it)
Yeah, I don't wanna say it (I don't wanna do it right now)
Nah, I don't wanna say it (Yeah)
Yeah, I dont wanna say goodbye (I don't wanna say goodbye, no)
(Listen) But goodbye
(The fact is) But we have to (We have to)
(Baby) Baby, but we have to (But we have to)
You put your hand into mine, and baby we flew
And whenever you're not around I don't know what to do
And I'd rather die than go on living without you
You're the one for me
You're the one for me

You're the only one, only one
Nothing's gonna hold us up
I got you and after all that we've been through
We've been through some things
But it's okay, okay
There's no way I'm leaving
Baby believe it

I put my hand into yours, and baby I knew
That you would be there no matter what we go through
You're not alone. I'll always be there for you
Cause you're the one for me
You're the one for me

You're the only one, only one
That is gonna hold us up
I got you and after all that we've been through
We've been through some things
But it's okay, okay
There's no way I'm leaving
Baby believe it
You're the only one, only one
That is gonna hold us up
I got you and after all that we've been through
We've been through some things
But it's okay, okay
There's no way I'm leaving
Baby believe it

Girl, I don't want to sound like I'm on repeat
I know that it sounds like it might seem weak
Been through too much, I know it ain't easy
To look at my face, it's difficult when you see this
Hey we been falling apart and we've been trying to fix this
I'm hoping and wishing that things will be different
I don't want to lose you, I know that I miss this
Cause you're the only one on my mind I listen to

Trying to be the man that you need, I need time
And I know that it seems I don't try
But I promise I won't lie, Won't lie
Every time I look in your eyes, Your eyes
Girl, I get this feeling that I never had
And I just want you to understand

You're the only one, only one
That is gonna hold us up
I got you and after all that we've been through
We've been through some things
But it's okay, okay
There's no way I'm leaving
Baby believe it
You're the only one, only one
That is gonna hold us up
I got you and after all that we've been through
We've been through some things
But it's okay, okay
There's no way I'm leaving
Baby believe it
This is all I do, this is all I do
This is all I do, this is all I do
This is all I do, this is all I do
This is all I do, this is all I do, oh

I just put a hundred in the bank
I don't mean a hundred thousand
Haha, yeah, yo, I mean a hundred dollars
They say that I got no humor in music, then why am I smiling?
Why am I smiling, you do not feel it? (woo!)
Why are you lying?
You know somebody that's iller than me?
I wanna meet 'em
I wanna meet 'em, enough with the talking, woo!
I wanna see 'em!
I do not look at these rappers out here like I wanna be 'em
I look at these rappers out here like I wanna beat 'em
I am competitive, always been that way
Always been that way, that'll never change
Fans hit me up on my Instagram, like, "You've been singing too much"
Then the moment I stop you gon' write me and say I ain't singing enough!

I feel like LeBron (yeah!)
I feel like LeBron (they don't know, they don't know)
I feel like LeBron (woo!)
This is all I do, this is all I do, this is all I do

This is all I do, this is all I do (this is all I do, woo!)
This is all I do, this is all I do, oh
This is all I do, this is all I do (this is all I do, woo!)
This is all I do, this is all I do

I have been at this for years, this didn't fall on my lap
I get so personal with you, you feel like you know me
You feel like we met
Fans getting into the music, relating, woo!
Tell me what's doper than that (nothin'!)
How you gon' say you the best in the game when you sound like you don't even know how to rap? (hahaha!)
I used to hand out my demos at shows, like, "Listen to me" (real life)
This ain't what it seems
I never sleep, which is funny, 'cause I'm out here living the dream
You say you livin' the dream, no, you just live in the dream
Y'all need to wake up, and get out of yo beds!
And quit sleepin' on me!
I got my head in the game, you know what that means?
(You know what that means?)
Oh yeah, you know what that means?
They got no clue, they got no clue
I thought I already told you before, this is all that I do, agh!

I feel like LeBron (okay)
I feel like LeBron, I feel like LeBron
You don't it know by now, you don't it know by now?
What's wrong wit'cha?
I feel like LeBron
You don't know it by now?
This is all I do, this is all I do, woo! (yeah, yeah!)

This is all I do, this is all I do (this is all I do, woo!)
This is all I do, this is all I do, oh
This is all I do, this is all I do (this is all I do, woo!)
This is all I do, this is all I do

What you know about that?
What you know about that? Nothin'!
What you know about that?
What you know about that? Nothin'!
What I know about that?
What I know about that? Somethin'!
What I know about that? Somethin'!
Somethin'!
Somethin'!
What you know about that?
What you know about that? Nothin'!
What you know about that?
What you know about that? Nothin'!
What I know about that?
What I know about that? Somethin'!
Somethin'!
Somethin'!
I feel like LeBron
"I've been, I've been doing this a long time, I mean over half my life. So, it's, it's awesome for me to be able to put out music that people will actually hear. Especially when you put this much time into something that you love, something that you have a passion for. That's motivation!"

I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated
I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, I

When I first started, never knew if they will listen
But when I write, I produce passion, that's Mel Gibson
If music is a disease, I promise I'm infected
I dream on different levels of dreams—Inception
And these beats are my playground, let the words play
You ain't catch it? That's wordplay, now you're stuck on the word "play"
I'm all business, no suit on, but that's okay
I will K.O. you, if you come in my work space
And don't you ever try to tell me I lack passion
I'm a stand up guy, I promise you ain't laughing
These rappers are slowin' the game down—bad traffic
And how you gonna put me in a category of wack rappin'?
Yeah, listen, I'm Hulk, I transform and I smash rappers
You sipping on syrup, that doesn't mean you're a sick rapper
See, what it means is you gon' prolly get sick after
You don't like that I'm blunt, or is it the fact that I smoke passion?

Take your best shot
Take your best shot
Take your best shot
I ain't going nowhere, nowhere

I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated
I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, I

I put work in this music, you think I'm makin' this up?
If the songs ain't sharp, trust me they ain't makin' the cut
You don't like it? I'm no teacher, but you'll learn to adjust
I'm my own worst critic, so critics step your hate game up
I'm a different breed of artist, I know how to survive
You come into my lane, you better know how to drive
And I suggest you buckle up if you gon' come on this ride
No Johnny Cash, but some of y'all are walking the line
But you wrong though, y'all look curious
Heath Ledger type of questions like, "Why so serious?"
And you want watered down lyrics? Well, I don't carry 'em
I dig holes for these tracks, and then I slaughter and bury 'em
The motivation I got is on a whole different level
I treat these lines like court case, I don't wanna settle
And my lyrics are like bullets, and they're aiming at you
And I ain't talking Switchfoot when I dare you to move

Take your best shot
Take your best shot
Take your best shot
I ain't going nowhere, nowhere

I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated
I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, I

Yo, when it comes to punches, you know I'm a land mine
No, I said I'm a land mine
Don't step on me, or you get blown sky high
And I don't mean secrets when I say to keep it in mind
That I'm ill with the words—too sick
They say I rap hungry, well that's cause I'm star-vin—Diesel
That's why they calling me Riddick-ulous
'Cause the look in my eyes is different

Y'all ain't ready (rewind that back)
Y'all ain't ready (rewind that back)
Y'all ain't ready
Let's go!

Take your best shot
Take your best shot
Take your best shot
I ain't going nowhere, nowhere

I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated
I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated
I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated
I, I'm motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, motivated
Motivated, I
I can feel it, I can feel it
I can feel it, I can feel it
Yeah
I can feel it, I can feel it
Yeah
I can feel it, I can feel it
I can feel it, I can feel it
Oh yeah
I can feel it, I can feel it
I don't know, yeah
I don't know

Used to drive a car that ain’t running right
Overheats in the day, so I drive at night
And I know it sounds funny but it’s real life
Yeah, I know it sounds funny but it’s real life
I'm pulled over 'cause I'm dyin' at a red light
I thank God for the hard times
'Cause I guarentee without him I wouldn't be here
Let's be clear
I was given two cars, I ain't really outta money
Tryna rap, makin' $9,000 a year
I don't say it so you feel for me
I say it 'cause it's real to me
I go to my grandma's, hoping she can make a meal for me
Now I got some labels on the tables
Saying that they got a deal for me, ah!

I can feel it, I can feel it
(I can feel it)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Oh yeah, yeah)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Oh yeah, yeah)
I can feel it, I can feel it
You know, you know, you know
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Oh yeah)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Oh yeah)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Oh yeah)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Yeah)

In Michigan, them winters cold
We wouldn't wanna turn on the heat, keep the bills low
We sitting in the living room in our winter coats
Yeah, we sitting in the living room in our winter coats
Me and my room-mate, we like "they don't know!"
Driving around town in the Grand Prix
People telling me that I should get a Plan B
Snow on the windshield, can't see
Tryna work 6:00 in the morning, that's me!
Sometimes I miss all those memories
They pop up back in my mind like, "remember me"
Records stop selling, these people won't care for me
The older you get, the more family is everything!

I can feel it, I can feel it
(I can feel it)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(I can feel it)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(I said, I can feel it)
I can feel it, I can feel it

Oh, ooh
Oh, ooh
Oh, ooh
Ooh, ooh
I can feel it, I can feel it
I said, I can feel it
I can feel it
I can feel it, I can feel it
I said, I can feel it
I can feel it
Oh, ooh
Ooh, ooh
Yeah!

I can feel it, I can feel it
(Yeah!)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Yeah!)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Been a long time coming!)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Been a long time coming!)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Here we are!)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Yeah, I said, here we are!)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(Oh, yeah)
I can feel it, I can feel it
(I said, I can feel it)
I can feel it, yeah!
Yeah, I ain't sleeping lately
I ain't sleeping lately
Yes I know that I'm the only person that can change me
Maybe, that's why I ain't changing
That's why I ain't changing
I got too much on my mind I guess I don't know how to face it
I just don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it, yeah
Don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it
Don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it, how to face it aaah

Don't know how to face it
Let's go back to basics
Yes say what you mean, do what you say, but man I hate this
I just don't know what I'm chasing, don't know what I'm chasing
Yes, somebody told me
Life is something you don't wanna play with
But I just keep on playing like life is just a playground
I go through these mood swings
Watch everything slide down
I look at myself and I ask what the goal is
Yeah tell me what your goal is
I'm just so lost in emotions, I don't even notice
I just slip into a place and I don't think straight
Devil in my ear tryna tell me everything's great
And in a year I realize I'm in the same place
Running in the same race same pace

Yeah, I ain't sleeping lately
I ain't sleeping lately
Yes I know that I'm the only person that can change me
Maybe, that's why I ain't changing
That's why I ain't changing
I got too much on my mind I guess I don't know how to face it
I just don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it, yeah
Don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it
Don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it, how to face it aaah

Don't know how to face it
Let's go back to basics
Think about the words you 'bout to say before you say it
Sin is bittersweet I taste it, bittersweet I taste it
Get that sickness out my mouth
I feel like my train is derailing
I can feel it
Yo these words are only words until they actions
Words until they actions strive on empty satisfactions
Yeah the fact is I don't know, fact is I don't know
Yeah I get on these stages say that I put on a show
But yeah that show it don't mean nothing
If I don't live my lyrics, if they don't feel the spirit in my songs
Then they don't hear it
Homie yeah that don't mean nothing
This ain't all about appearance
Everything starts with the man in the mirror

I ain't sleeping lately
I ain't sleeping lately
Yes I know that I'm the only person that can change me
Maybe, that's why I ain't changing
That's why I ain't changing
I got too much on my mind I guess I don't know how to face it
I just don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it, yeah
I don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it
I don't know how to face it, how to face it aaah
Yo, to be honest, I feel completely alone
Like nobody knows me
Nobody understands me
You know what I'm sayin'?
Yo, it's kinda like this
Check it out

I'm a little bit numb, little bit frozen
A walking emotion, but nobody knows it
Nobody knows me
I'm lost and I'm caught in a cold dream
But they don’t see that I'm walkin' around so boldly
'Cause nobody out there knows these
Thoughts in my mind, am I wastin' my time?
I know, I won’t survive; hold me
'Cause I'm bleedin' to death
I got these holes in my chest
I feel like no one respects the fact that I'm up to my neck
I've done my best, but, still yet it seems like I'm out in the cold
Look at me froze; here on my own
Please, don’t let me die here alone

I cannot face this alone
I can't get by on my own

Lost in the moment
Life in a coma
Lyin' around, see my life getting colder
I'm alone, but I go nowhere
Living in a prison in my mind; so scared
I don't wanna be this way, nah
I don't wanna feel this way, nah
I don't wanna die this way
Why am I this way?
Wish I had wings so I'd fly away
Nothin' around me, up where the clouds be
I'm the real definition of drowning
My pain and my head keeps pounding
How's he even living in the state he's at?
Left the pain, swear I’d never go back
But it's right here, and it's quite clear that it's not leaving
Does anybody hear me?

I cannot face this alone (I need You) (I need You)
I can't get by on my own (I need You) (I need You)
I cannot face this alone (I need You) (I need You)
I can't get by on my own (I need You) (I need You)

I was a little bit numb, little bit frozen
Kinda hard to see when your eyes ain't open
How you gonna breathe when your sin keeps chokin'
You to the point that you feel hopeless?
Hopin' things will turn around
Kinda hard to fly when you layin' on the ground
Jesus is the only reason any of us breathin'
Yeah, so don't get down
You ain't gotta live your life in the cold
Thinkin' nobody out there knows
What you been through, where you been to
Yeah, you ain't gotta live alone
He's Messiah, He's Creator
There ain't no one out there greater
Forget about them haters, accept Christ and make a change-up
Yeah, 'cause you ain't gotta die this way
Let Him wipe them tears right from your face
Life's a dream
So you better get back on track; in other the words, I'm saying:
Give Him your pain, give Him your hurt
Faith is way more than just going to church
Making your money and going to work
You don't give it to God? You'll watch everything burn, yeahh
And this ain't no game
Living without Him is just so insane
People, they livin' for money and fame
Things never change 'cause we living the same
I don't wanna be alone; hate the cold
I'm so broken, I'm so froze
But no longer
'Cause I got my Jesus, and He makes me stronger

I cannot face this alone (I need You, I need You)
I can't get by on my own (I need You, I need You)
I cannot face this alone (I need You, I need You)
I can't get by on my own (I need You, I need You)
Oooh
(I need You)
(I need You)
I need You, oooh, yeah
(I need You)
(I need You)
I can't get by on my own (Yo I can't get by)
I need You (Yo I can't get by)
Ooh, yeah, yeah
I need You (Yo I can't get by)
(I can't get by)
(I need you)
There she goes
She's so beautiful
She's so beautiful, yeah
But she's so broke
She's so incredible
Wonder if she'll ever know

Yeah, Oh she lays in her bedroom
And she cries
Yeah she cries (whoa whoa)
And she feels depressed as
Tears fall from her eyes
From her eyes (whoa whoa)
All she wants is love
But she never finds it in herself (whoa whoa)
And she just feels broken
I can tell that she's hopeless looking for help (whoa whoa)

There she goes
She's so beautiful
She's so beautiful (whoa whoa)
But she's so broke
She's so incredible
I wonder if she'll ever know (whoa whoa)

She gets attention from every direction
But she doesn't care (whoa whoa)
She prays for protection
Scared of rejection
Is anyone there? (whoa whoa)
She used to laugh
But now she's crying
Sick of the pain (whoa whoa)
She puts on her mask
Pretends, and she acts like she's okay (whoa whoa)

And there she goes
She's so beautiful
She's so beautiful (whoa whoa)
But she's so broke
She's so incredible
I wonder if she'll ever know (whoa whoa)

There she goes again putting on that fake act
Hard to see the real her when she got that fake mask
Daddy left it, he ain't never came back
Tears her apart but, she would never say that
She wants love, but don't know where to get it from
It's hard to learn respect from a man that never gave her none
So she cries and she yelling in the mirror
Is anybody out there? Does anybody care?
And people think they know her, but they don't really have a clue
Working three jobs, yeah she's doing what she have to do
Getting stressed out, and boys say she's beautiful
But that don't really mean a thing if she don't believe it though
Insecurity starting to take over
She looking for warmness, but keeps getting colder
Yeah, I know ya tripping on your looks and such
But quit looking to world, and start looking up
God made you beautiful

And there she goes
She's so beautiful
She's so beautiful (whoa whoa)
But she's so broke
She's so incredible
I wonder if she'll ever know (whoa whoa)
Red Bull in my hands, feels like I got wings
Lotta people in my face, but I can't hear a thing
It's like my heads up in the clouds, heads up in the clouds
And I ain't coming down, no
Just turn the music on, just let me get lost
I swear that I'ma lose it if somebody turns it off
What are you out your mind?
You must be out your mind

Just turn the music up, turn the music up
Turn the music up
Turn the music up
Turn the music up

Snap back on my head, I'm so motivated
Nike's on my feet, understand the situation
This is not a game, this is not a game
You ain't gon' bring me down, no
Yeah I mean what I say, and I say what I mean
You best wipe off that hater look before you make me scream
What are you out your mind?
You must be out your mind

Just turn the music, turn the music up
Turn the music up
Turn the music up
Turn the music up
Turn the music up

I got the adrenaline
Rhyme like I’m a veteran
Fine, I’ve been ahead of the
Game, no way I’m settlin'
Drained, but I'ma get it in
Lame this is a medicine
Hey, you get the medic kit cause
Beats, I don’t let ‘em live
Fast, better keep pedalin'
Blast you with the pen again
Laugh, but I’m ahead of them
Act, like I don’t get it then
That is when I enter in
Rap until I never can
Cash, it is irrelevant
Passion is the element
Laps around these other men
Pass ‘em, who you runnin’ with
Facts, is what I’m coming with
Back, but I ain’t never left
Snap, but I will never get
Wack, you better get a grip
Last isn’t a medal it’s glass and I'ma shatter it
Who do you think you battling?
Who do you think you laughing at?
I am not a comedian, man it don’t even matter
If you don’t know what I’m saying, you better do what the chorus says
You don’t know what the chorus says?
Turn it up on the choruses!

Turn the music up
You must be out your mind
Turn the music up
You must be out your mind
Turn the music up
You must be out your mind
Turn the music up
Turn the music up
Turn the music up
You must be out your mind
Turn the music up
You must be out your mind
Turn the music up
You must be out your mind
Turn the music up
Turn the music up
Turn the music
Turn the music
Up
You must be out your mind
You must be
Feels like I'm in the sky
Flying over clouds or somethin'
I don't smoke weed, but you could say I'm high on somethin'
Its like this music is my addiction, I call it my nicotine
What you're witnessing is an addicted fiend and it sickens me (AH)
Just a lame as how you picture me
Give me that microphone and I'm gonna rip it so viciously
Ain't you hearing the chemistry?
Ain't it ironic I brought up chemistry?
Cuz I was never good at math but I'm ill with the melodies

Since I was a kid, I had a dream that I would make it
I spent thousands of hours writing music in that basement
Even though I'm broke, you know why I still chase it?
Cuz once you get a taste of it there is no replacement
Yo, I don't rap, so millions of people will like me
I rap, cuz there's millions of people just like me
If you think I'm out of my mind, I ain't gonna argue, I might be
But I'm not on the stage just for people to sightsee

I'd rather die than let this dream go to waste
You can tell that I ain't playin' by the look up on my face
The world wants to tell us who we are and who we ain't
But the person that I am is somethin' you can never change
Yea I'm just being me, yea
I'm just being me, yea
I'm just being me, yea
And this defines me
Look into my music and you'll find me

When I step into that studio, feels like I'm in my house
If you listen to my music than you know what I'm about
No I ain't never been the type to just sit around on the couch
I get lost in these beats till my body passes out
Let's rewind
What ever happened to music that meant something
Cuz nowadays I look around and music don't mean nothin'
And to be honest what's really making me sick to my stomach
Is everybody's runnin' around screaming they love it

A lotta people think they understand the music biz
I am not a genius but at least I know what music is
Put a CD on the shelf, and you thinkin' you'll be filthy rich
But you just become the definition of what filthy is
The music, me and her, we've been through a lot together
And I can tell somethin' ain't right if we are not together
And yo God gave me the story so we plot together
I get shot, whatever, this is who I am remember?

I'd rather die than let this dream go to waste
You can tell that I ain't playin' by the look up on my face
The world wants to tell us who we are and who we ain't
But the person that I am is somethin' you can never change
Yea I'm just being me (yea)
I'm just being me (yea)
I'm just being me (yea)
And this defines me
Look into my music and you'll find me

I'd rather die than let this dream go to waste
You can tell that I ain't playin' by the look up on my face
The world wants to tell us who we are and who we ain't
But the person that I am is somethin' you can never change
Yea I'm just being me (yea)
I'm just being me (yea)
I said that I'm just being me (yea)
I'm being me, I'm just being me

I'd rather die than let this dream go to waste
You can tell that I ain't playin' by the look up on my face
The world wants to tell us who we are and who we ain't
But the person that I am is somethin' you can never change
Yea I'm just being me (yea)
I'm just being me (yea)
I'm just being me (yea)
And this defines me
Look into my music and you'll find me
Yea I'm just being me
Tracklist:1. Intro 2
2. Therapy Session
3. I Just Wanna Know
4. How Could You Leave Us
5. Breathe
6. Real
7. Oh Lord
8. I Can Feel It
9. Got You On My Mind
10. Grindin' (feat. Marty of Social Club)
11. Wish You Wouldn't
12. Statement
13. All I Do
14. Lost In The Moment (feat. Jonathan Thulin)
Album Artwork:Tracklist Artwork:
Intro 2 Artwork:
I Just Wanna Know Artwork:
Yeah, I don't know
I guess I feel like—when I'm around you—that I'm invisible
It's like you don't even see me
And I'm standing right in front of you, yeah

Yeah, I feel invisible, I knew this wasn't easy
I'm standing right in front of you, but you don't even see me
I pass you in the hallway, but you don't even glance, so
I just kinda walk by like I ain't never passed you
I do my best to pretend that I don't notice you
'Cause you don't ever notice me, so what am I supposed to do?
What, I gotta yell it in order for you to see it?
Got it written on my face, it's pretty easy to read it
But you choose not to, so that's what I'ma have to do
My heart is getting tired; I'm tired of running after you
I try to talk, but you just keep ignoring me
Pretending that you listen—you don't listen; you're destroying me
See, I look up to you, but you keep looking down on me
You never say you love me or you care or that you're proud of me
In other words, you're drowning me
I get on my knees and I pray
Pretty pathetic, but you make it pretty easy to say

I swear, I must be invisible
'Cause you never see me anymore
And I swear, I must look miserable
'Cause you never hold me anymore

You like a nightmare, every time I'm dreaming
The longest conversation that we had was when we're screaming
"And what you say?" "What you say?" There's nothing else to talk about
Before I even say a word, it's like you're already walking out
You keep making promises, but you don't ever keep 'em
And then look at me stupid when I say I don't believe 'em
Yeah, that's right I don't believe you, and how do you expect me to?
You don't show respect to me, but I should show respect to you?
Gosh, you're such a hypocrite, I doubt you're even listening
Things have got so bad, you don't even pretend you're interested
And every time we hug, which isn't very often
The thing I used to love has now become something that's awkward
You put that smile up on your face, but I can tell you're faking
You look me in the eyes and you tell me I'm amazing
But all your words are wasted, 'cause I swear that you make it up
And I'm so sick of chasing love; I guess my pace ain't quick enough
I hate it, 'cause

I swear, I must be invisible
'Cause you never see me anymore
And I swear, I must look miserable
'Cause you never hold me anymore

I'm full grown now, moved out, I thought it was best
The sad thing is, I doubt you even noticed I left
I quit calling 'cause you ain't ever answer the phone
So the last time we talked, I told you, “Leave me alone”
I'm supposed to open my arms and hold you now?
Hold you? Wow. You ain't never held me; how—
Do you expect a kid that you never raised to do right—
To break the walls down and make you a part of my life?
But hold up, here comes a call from the hospital
They told me I should come and see you if it's possible
I got my shoes to go, I threw my pride on the floor
Saw a real smile on you when I walked in the door
The doc told me you ain't got more than a day
I just got you and this cancer gon' take you away
You say you love me, you can see me, everything's okay
For some reason I no longer feel the urge to say

I swear, I must be invisible
'Cause you never see me anymore
And I swear, I must look miserable
'Cause you never hold me anymore

I swear, I must be invisible
'Cause you never see me anymore
And I swear, I must look miserable
'Cause you never hold me anymore
You call it a hobby, I call it a way of life
No way that you can stop me
You know that I've been trainin', right?
The more you try to block me, the more that I control the fight
And now you on the ropes, now you on the ropes
Whatchu gon' do!?
Quittin's not an option
That voice in your head that keeps telling you "You got this" lied to you
And now everybody's watchin'
You shoulda worked a little harder, 'cause, man, your punches are garbage!
I dream big, ain't that the point of it?
Let's keep it real, huh, ain't that the point of this?
They used to tell me I was nothing, nothing
Now they tell me that I'm something, what's it
Gonna take for you to understand the concept?
I ain't really got no time for all the nonsense
See, to you this is a joke, a little project
I guess you'll never understand this kinda mindset

Started as a dream, grow into reality
Made a lot of sacrifices, that's how it has to be
I give it everything I got, ain't no way you're passin' me
I know we're in the same profession, but you're not a match for me
I'm on another level
I'm on another level
I said I'm another level
On another level
I wish, that I could leave it all behind me
Go to my own world where no one can find me
I guess it's just the way I escape, yeah
I guess it's just the way I escape
And I wish, that I could take parts of my past
Hold on to the good and throw the rest in the trash
I guess it's just the way I escape, yeah
I guess it's just the way I escape

Have you ever been so broke, or frozen, it's so cold
Emotions are so blown, hoping you won't go
Back to that war zone, the place that you don't know
It's hard to go the right way when you're on the wrong road
Feel like you're so low, you're 'bout to explode
And you'd do anything to get back what you let go
Stuck in upset mode, 'cuz you can't seem to figure this out
Living without a reason to live, thinking about
What you should have done, things that you could have changed
And maybe if you had then things wouldn't be this way
And you wouldn't feel this pain, but that's too easy now isn't it
Wishing that you could go back and things would be different
Got a time machine up in your mind
Wishing you could push a button and your life would unwind
But that's not how it happens, you can hope and imagine
Instead of looking forwards, lot of us looking backwards

I wish, that I could leave it all behind me
Go to my own world where no one can find me
I guess it's just the way I escape, yeah
I guess it's just the way I escape
And I wish, that I could take parts of my past
Hold on to the good and throw the rest in the trash
I guess it's just the way I escape, yeah
I guess it's just the way I escape

Have you ever been so lost, you feel like your hope's gone
And know you need to let go of some things but you hold on
Hoping and wishing that some things would be different
So you scream in your room, it feels like nobody's listening
You're mad so you scream louder, things that you're not proud of
Wishing you knew a way to escape but you don't know how the
Heck are you supposed to cope with something you can't let go
You get emotional, wonder if you'll ever know
Came to get lost in it, wishing back lost minutes
Your anger's involved in it, so you get engulfed in this
Pain that you come to hate, wishing you could escape
But you don't know where to run, it's written all on your face
Look at me losing control, I just don't know where to go
I'm getting lost in the mo-ment, look at me woah (Yeah)
I think it's time for me to escape
Time to relate, follow me as I put this pen to this page

I wish, that I could leave it all behind me
Go to my own world where no one can find me
I guess it's just the way I escape, yeah
I guess it's just the way I escape
And I wish, that I could take parts of my past
Hold on to the good and throw the rest in the trash
I guess it's just the way I escape, yeah
I guess it's just the way I escape

I'm so sick of feeling
Like I don't have a clue what I'm doing
Like I don't have a clue what I'm doing
Yeah
And I'm so sick of feeling
Like I don't have a clue where I'm going
Like I don't have a clue where I'm going
Yeah

See all of us need a place, where we can go escape
Get away from the pain, be ourselves and just run away
But where are we running to, this lane we've been running through
Starting to get harder and it's starting to bother you
Some of us get depressed, some of us go to music
Some of us get stressed, others just push through it
So I'm gonna push through this, now and get lost in this
Escape and get lost in it, get ready we've all said it

I wish, that I could leave it all behind me
Go to my own world where no one can find me
I guess it's just the way I escape, yeah
I guess it's just the way I escape
And I wish, that I could take parts of my past
Hold on to the good and throw the rest in the trash
I guess it's just the way I escape, yeah
I guess it's just the way I escape
You say that you love me
Let's talk about it
And you swear that you'll always be there
I doubt it
When I look in those eyes
I can tell you're lying
All those tears that you cry
Why do you keep denying

You say that you care but I know you're lying
Please spare me the tears
There'll be no sympathizing
I act like I'm fine
But you're antagonizing
My heart is falling apart

We lay in my bed, so irritated
All the things that we said
Yeah, it's so frustrating
Who am I to tell you that you're not perfect
It's just that I thought that you were a different person
We smile and pretend like nothing matters
When in fact, in the end, it just makes us madder

You say that you care but I know you're lying
Please spare me the tears
There'll be no sympathizing
I act like I'm fine
But you're antagonizing
My heart is falling apart

I look at you now
Yeah what I used to see
Is breaking me down
Why ain't you like you used to be?
Still beautiful as ever, yet I feel no unity
Usually, I just feel like you're using me
You're telling me you love me, yeah, from the lips of your mouth
But honestly, honesty isn't what I think's coming out
Seems the people you love the most, push you down, let you go
That's why I'm here to let you know, we lie to people just for show
You pretend you care, but really it don't bother you
Wonder if it will when I decide to say goodbye to you
I'm trying to fix it, what you think I'm trying to do?
You don't like my attitude, then wonder why I'm mad at you
I've had enough of it
My heart, you ain't touching it
You say you're in love with it
But really, you're crushing it
I don't hate you, I'm just trying to understand how you feel
There ain't no point of continuing this if it ain't even real

You say that you care but I know you're lying
Please spare me the tears
There'll be no sympathizing
I act like I'm fine
But you're antagonizing
My heart is falling apart

You say that you care
Please spare me the tears
I act like I'm fine
My heart is falling apart
A few words to define my music?
I'd say it's pretty laid-back

Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up, hands up

Yo! Yeah, I'm like Ali when I write hooks (yeah), get it? Right hooks
These songs are like the chapters of my life and this is my book
Yo, you seein' me on these stages, go into a song, I'm turnin' these pages
Turn the pages, welcome to chapter one of my life: "crazy"
Yeah, let's call it that if ya'll don't mind, I got a dope mind with these Pope lines
I don't smoke, I'm in a cold climate, so ya'll better hold on
They tellin' me that I'm loco, um, tell me something I don't know
Ain't that a clear picture, no photo, yeah, clear pictures, no photo
And yo this ain't about the photos or the fame life (nah)
I kill my flesh and live for God all in the same life
So call me what you wanna, but I'ma do what I gotta, yup
And anybody got a problem, shh (NF real music)

Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up, hands up

And yo, I started from the bottom, no Drake though, yeah I came in the game like, "hello"
I came in the game like, "let's go"
Oh, this beat might break your neck bones
But that's okay, okay
You ain't heard of me, then you so late
So just take a seat of that cold plate
And just let-let-let-let me explain
Yo, "NF" be the logo
"Capitol" be the label
If I see beats on my table
I swear, I'ma eat the whole plateful
And that's my life
I write what I mean so I might
Go a little bit cray when I find mics
I ain't doing it so I am in the limelight, 'cause that limelight, it ain't nothin'
Am I in this for the money? Hey quit crackin' jokes
'Cause we all know this industry is known for cuttin' throats
And if this was all for money, I'd have quit years ago
But it's not, so turn me up until my ears explode, let's go

Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up, hands up

Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Hands up
Oh let me see those hands up
(Where you at?  Where you at?)
Let me see those hands up
(Where you at?  Where you at?)
Let me see those hands up
(Where you at?  Where you at?)
Let me see those hands up
(Where you at?  Where you at?)
Hands up
(W- w- w- w- where you at?)

Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up, hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up
Let me see those hands up, hands up
Oh I miss you
Whoa I miss you
Now your gone yeah
Now your gone
(2x)
No

I should have been there told you that I loved ya
Held a little tighter as I kiss, and when I hug ya
I should have called ya, told you that I missed ya
Tears on my face as I'm looking at your pictures
Yeah I'm with ya, but only in this mindset
Since you've been gone you ain't never left my mind yet
And I'm upset, not because of you
I wish all I remember was the good, I never do
I guess when you lose something, thats when you appreciate it
If you were hear, then I'd show you my appreciation
But your not, so I'mma have to learn to cope with it
Got a box of memories, but I'm scared to open it
I see you smiling, but only when I'm dreaming
I know your gone forever, but somehow I don't believe it
Somebody wake me up, my eyes closing
I'm hoping some day you'll be there when they open, but

I never thought I'd have to say goodbye to you so soon
But now you're gone (Now you're gone)
Now you're gone (Now you're gone)
I never thought I'd have to say goodbye but now I do
And I miss you (And I miss you)
Oh I miss you (Oh I miss you)

Yeah, I wish you can hear me
But I know you don't
And I wish you would call me
I know that you won't
But why I gotta cry second dwelling on the negative?
Use what you love, It will take you where you never been
Yo depression, naw far from it
Have I cried? Oh yeah I've done it
If I could I'd change, and I'd go back
Problem is if we could, yeah, we'd all do that
I can see you laughing at my memories
Sad part is that's the only thing I'll ever see
You use to wear a tough face and play pretend
Now, the fact is I'm never going to see you again
See my life just doesn't seem right without ya
I can feel the tears coming when I think about ya
Matter fact I think I feel some now
I'm sick of holding them back
Thats why I'm letting them out

I never thought I'd have to say goodbye to you so soon
But now you're gone (Now you're gone)
Now you're gone (Now you're gone)
I never thought I'd have to say goodbye but now I do
And I miss you (And I miss you)
Oh I miss you (Oh I miss you)

I look in the mirror I can see you in my face
I could care less now about your mistakes
Not cause they don't bother me not cause they ain't bruise me
I just trying to feel like you ain't never knew me
I'm all mixed up lost in the emotion
Loved you so much, too bad I never showed it
But on the upside, there's one thing
You put a smile on my face most times I sing so
Mom if you were here today, I would put my arms around you
And tell you I love you (yeah)
I'd tell you I love you
Yeah, I would put your hand in mine, and tell you everything's okay
Oh I miss you
Oh I miss you

I never thought I'd have to say goodbye to you so soon
But now you're gone (Now you're gone)
Now you're gone (Now you're gone)
I never thought I'd have to say goodbye but now I do
And I miss you (And I miss you)
Oh I miss you (Oh I miss you)
We're born in a storm
It started in a dream
And God made me realize
Life ain't what it seems
Selfishly inspired
A heart exposed
Hit me with a passion that brought me to my knees

I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be selfish
Anymore, anymore, no
I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be selfish
Anymore, anymore, no

Hearts healed
Eyes open wide
Apparent I'm shifted
Communities engaged
Vindicated by grace
God's now in control
I'm finally addicted to this beautiful change

I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be selfish
Anymore, anymore, no
I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be selfish
Anymore, anymore, no

I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be selfish
Anymore, anymore, no
I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be selfish
Anymore, anymore, no

This is the time
This is the moment where everything changes
This is where I, I draw the line
I can no longer take it
This is the time
This is the moment where everything changes
This is where I, I draw the line
I can no longer take it (oooh)
This is the time (this is the time, this is the time)
This is the moment where everything changes (to change)
This is where I, I draw the line (this is the moment, ooh, yeah)
I can no longer take it (I draw the line, I can no longer take it)
Yeah
I'm looking for that overdose
Heh
Yeah

When I say I want that overdose, it ain't about the drugs
I'm talkin' 'bout the Holy Ghost  runnin' through my blood
I'm lookin' for that overflow, somethin' I can love
You think the show's over? Oh no, it's just begun (c'mon)
You can call me special feature, yeah it's nice to meet ya
But my name is not what I came to teach ya
Yo, I know a God who can save ya, won't leave ya
He don't show His face, well He don't really need to
I give Him the glory for everything I have
He's more than just a story or something of the past
I ain't afraid to talk about it, ain't afraid to act
See, I'm just being me, man, and I don't need a mask
You all about the fast life, livin' for the money
A lot of people act like rap, tight gunnin'
Runnin' from the cops, see, to me that's nothing
But according to you, yeah, that might mean somethin'
That's why I give it to you in a form you understand
Cause sometimes in life things never go as planned
And sometimes you might feel like there's no chance
Quit tryna control it and just put it in His hands
You feel me?

He could be your comfort when you're broken
I'm lookin' for that overdose, yeah
I don't care, let it overflow
He could be your Savior, be your friend
I'm lookin' for that overdose, yeah
I don't care, let it overflow

If God's so real, why the world so crazy?
The rape rate climbin' and girl's havin' babies
Murders in the streets, murders in the schools
If God really cared He wouldn't let the pain pursue
But a lot o' y'all are lookin' from the wrong angle
And overdose in sin, and hey, your whole life tangles
You look in the Bible, even Satan was an angel
That just goes to show what lust for power will create you
Into something crazy, into something pitiful
You don't want the truth now, you'll get it at your funeral
Some think it's a joke, overdose, keep laughing
Ain't gon' be so funny when you layin' in your casket
God, He can save you; I ain't tryna play you
I'm just tryna represent the one and only Savior
Lies of the world will leave you like a broken heart
Hey, you lookin' for the same thing that tore you apart

He could be your comfort when you're broken
I'm lookin' for that overdose, yeah
I don't care, let it overflow
He could be your Savior, be your friend
I'm lookin' for that overdose, yeah
I don't care, let it overflow

God could be your overdose, so let me explain it
Ye ain't got the picture yet, you got the wrong paint
Now I know I'm hittin' you with a lot of information
But what I'm tryna do is introduce you to a Savior (Jesus)
I worship a God that made the world in six days
I worship a God that will never turn away (turn away)
I worship for truth, yeah, I worship for faith
And even if you kill me, you couldn't take that away
I'm livin' for that overdose, someone get me high
I'mma represent Him with my flow until I die
Devil say you're hopeless, it's just all up in your mind
I'd rather die for truth than live forever for a lie

He could be your comfort when you're broken
I'm lookin' for that overdose, yeah
I don't care, let it overflow
He could be your Savior, be your friend
I'm lookin' for that overdose, yeah
I don't care, let it overflow

He could be, He could be your comfort
He could be, He could be your Savior