
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang

I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox — no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been gettin' intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin'

Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang

Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks; that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane that that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want – fuck money, diamonds, and bitches; don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn

Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah

They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again! Another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
Dead
I never would've thought that
Feelings could get thrown in the air
Cause I accidentally caught that
I need some new boxing gloves, shit got hectic whenever I fought back
For example, ten minutes can't go past without you brushing my thoughts
That's fourteen forty a day so I'll say a hundred and forty four times
I think about you or something like that
Lost match, the fucking thought of you with somebody else
I don't like that; cellular convos getting left in the wrong
Cause I get so fucking mad when you don't write back
This isn't a song, I just happen to rhyme when I get emo
And find time to write facts (fuck)
I love you
Can we add some more color, um, like, some more, yellow
Yeah, that's good

I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

Girl, you fucking with my emotions
The fuck is all this noise about?
I even considered picking up smoking
You turned to a bitch, who let the dogs out?
But in my dog house
My bitch is the raddest
Crazy who makes me the happiest
Can make me the saddest
Look Alice
Let's get lost in your wonder-er-land fuck an atlas
You're perfectly perfect for me
What the fuck is this, practice?
Actually, if you even consider leaving
I'll lose a couple screws in due time, I'll stop breathing
And you'll see the meaning of stalking
When I pop out the dark to find you
And that new dude that you're seeing with an attitude
Then proceed to fuck up your evening
Make sure you never meet again like goddamn vegans
Cause when I hear your name I can not stop cheesing
I love you so much that my heart stops beating when you're leaving
And I'm grieving and my heart starts bleeding
Life without you has no goddamn meaning
Sorry—I'm passive-aggressive for no goddamn reason
It's that my mood change like these goddamn seasons
I'll fall for you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled
Yeah

The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it tonight
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling bitch, let's try to catch it tonight

C'mon baby
Even though I hate you
I still love you
I love you
And Salem, my love (I know)
I'm passive aggressive (I'm sorry, fuck)
(Come here)
I like when we hold hands
(You're the best around)
See I get jealous (fuck)
And if I see that nigga (If I see him)
I just might kill him (look)
(Look. I wanna strangle you, till you stop breathing)
Love, love, love
(Spend the rest of my life, looking for air)
(so you can breathe, or we can die together, you and me)
(Fuck, look)
I'm in love (Love)

I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

"Yo, why is Samuel such a fucking dick?"
"He isn't such a badass actually. He's only here because he ran away, because some shit happened back home. He's actually a dweeb"
"Yo, what happened?"
Golden rubbers in these denim pockets
On my waist, there's a black Glock
New girl moved on the block
She been plottin' on my brown cock
Last night I slept over hers
During sex, I overheard
A sword sliced the air, I pulled out the na-na
Rolled off the bed, then shot back, pow-pow
Blood on the sheets, probably spillin' from my gash
Looked out the glass, seen you sprintin' on the grass
A real ninja, with the blade and the mask
Had them gold ninja stars, and red Supreme nunchuks
Now she tryna patch me up, but
Girl, I was just tryna get a nut bust
If that's your ex, you should probably own a pistol
But I'm guessin' it's wiser to exit with dude

The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window (Swag)
He's at your window

Night light hits off, turnin' kisses to bites
I'm a down to Earth nigga, with intentions, that's right
You'll be down in Earth quicker if you diss me tonight
But I'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
We can chill and I can act like I don't wanna fuck
You can tell me all your problems like I really give one
But I give two for us cause you're the one that I want
Don't wanna seem like a punk pussy that simps over punk pussy
See when I'm with my friends I just put on a front
But in the back of my top I'm writing songs about we
We, as including I, and yourself, making three
Little ones, the drums are hitting pretty hard if you ask me
You're a pretty broad in the top three
Of things that I've been waiting to come, so
Meet me by the lake around 10 and skinny dippin' and then
We can begin the pretend game, I wanna be Finn
From Adventurin' Time

The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window (Swag)
He's at your window

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, baby you're gorgeous
I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest
And fornicate with it
But that's because I'm in love with you, cunt

I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place (Cunt)
I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place, cunt

The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window
He's at your window
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
He's at your window

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Swag, 2011
Young Nigga

Sick to my motherfucking tummy
Bitch must think I'm a motherfucking dummy
Because I dress bummy, bitch think I'm broke
Bitch, I ate one roach and I made a lot of money
Popping since Bastard, (manager) Clancy's my slave master
Thanks to them crackers, my pockets are fatter than excess shit that's weighing on Jasper
I've never popped a bottle, but I've fucked a couple models in Europe
Yup, and a couple of them swallowed
Meet me half way, bitch I'm going all in
And I never pull back, shout-out to my nigga Taco

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

So, a couple fags threw a little hissfit
Came to Pitchfork with a couple Jada Pinkett signs
And said I was a racist homophobic
So I grabbed Lucas and filmed us kissing
Feelings getting caught, it's off, I'm pissing
You think I give a fuck? I ain't even stick my dick in yet
(No homo. Too soon.)
And while y'all are rolling doobies
I be in my bedroom scoring movies
Still excited like a fucking newbie
Suck my dick, motherfucker, sue me
Mom got a new whip so she could scoop me
A year ago, I ain't have no hoopty
Four story home, gotta climb eight set of stairs
Just to see where my fucking roof be

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

Wait a God damn second
I'm tripping balls, David Beckham
Would fall cause shit's going down
Just like Rodney King swimming lessons
Now me and Justin smoke sherm and been talking 'bout freeing perms
And purchasing weapons, naming them and aim 'em in One Direction
(wait a minute)
It sounds like midgets in a God damn speaker
Anytime you play this shit loud
But that's just me trying to get milk now
And the grunts of the god damn cow
Hit me on my beeper while Captain Hook suck my Peter
Pan camera, repeat procedure
And when the beat drop, have a goddamn seizure

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

Cut it out! I said I didn’t want no goddamn lettuce. I don’t want that shit! I don’t want your goddamn lettuce. He-he
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, oh

You live in my dream state
Relocate my fantasy
I stay in reality
You live in my dream state
Anytime I count sheep
That's the only time we make up, make up
You exist behind my eyelids, my eyelids
Now I don't wanna wake up

20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, cupid hit me with precision, I
Wonder if you look both ways
When you cross my mind, I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my day dreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes

Can I get a kiss?
And can you make it last forever?
I said I'm 'bout to go to war
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war (I'm 'bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
(Uh, switch it up)

I said, okay, okay, okay, okie dokie, my infatuation
Is translatin' to another form of what you call it? (Love)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, I ain't met you
I've been looking, stop the waiting
'fore I stop the chasing, like a alcoholic
You don't understand me, what the fuck do you mean?
It's them rose tinted cheeks, yeah it's them dirt-colored eyes
Sugar honey iced tea, bumblebee on the scene
Yeah I'd give up my bakery to have a piece of your pie
Yeugh!

20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, cupid hit me with precision, I
Wonder if you look both ways
When you cross my mind, I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my day dreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes
(So)

Can I get a kiss? (Can I get a kiss?)
And can you make it last forever? (Make it last forever)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to go to war)
I don't know if I'ma see you again (See you again)
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again

Okay, okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, okay, oh
La la, la la la la, la la
La la, la la la, la la
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, okay, oh
La la, la la la la, la la
La la, la la la la
One more time?
"I'm saying, you know, like. All I ever told you to do was grow up, don't grow down. You know, like, you know, grow up. Don't grow down, grow out. You go from being a kid, just doing your thing, hanging out with your friends. Months later you're world famous. You're a gay rights activist, and you don't even know it. You know what, I don't wanna say it to you no more, Tyler. Fuck you, Tyler!"

Watch me get this money, nigga; tired of being hungry, nigga
Nothing funny, sass me while I'm thrashing, I'ma punch you, nigga
Never made of plastic, I'm a savage -- you look lunch, my nigga
Passing all you hating fucking fags we don't discuss, my nigga
We ain't on no jolly shit and we don't pop no Mollies, bitch
I'm hocking, spitting got some niggas out here popping Ollie switch
Buncha novices, Odd Future the squad is thick
Them young niggas is back and brash, attacking with no common sense
We the last of a dying breed
And we don't give a fuck, so we cannot supply your needs
You stupid niggas who had said our hype is dying, please
My pockets solid, making profit off the highest tees
Bitch, merch twerk as I get on the verse, cursing
Nigga Dom so cool, I refer him in third person
Watch me get this money, I'm up when the birds chirping
Make actions, fuck rehearsing

Nigga, summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

In a world where kids my age are popping Mollies with leather
Sitting on Tumblr, never outside or enjoying the weather
Can name a sweater, but not a talent or don't know if whether
Or not they got one, tried to change their life for the better
I was the drama club kid, I run where the fun did, my nuts itched
I was defiant, always said, "Fuck shit"
Hated the popular ones, now I'm the popular one
Also hated homes too, til I start coppin' me some
See I don't beez in the trap, nigga, I beez in the b's
And I be gassing up my buzz like some bees at a Shell
Fucking sick and getting bigger like I sneezed on Adele
And bitches getting touchy-feely like they reading some Braille
I bust quick like gun-holders with short tempers, and well
I tried to tell the kids, like fuck it, start being yourself
These fucking rappers got stylists cause they can't think for themselves
See, they don't have an identity, so they needed some help, but
Really, boy? Poseurs looking silly, boy
I'm in that past season 'Preme shit, older than Tity Boi
Not a diss, but same with ice cream, my shit is Diddy Riese
Na'kel Smith, Transworld page 64
Poppin' like oil ollie in fire flames
I'm harder than DJ Khaled playing the fucking quiet game
The fuck am I saying? Tyler's not even a violent name
About as threatening as stained windbreakers in hurricanes
But he rapes women, and spit wrong, like he hates dentists
God damn menace, 666 and he's not finished
And my shit's missing, he hates women, but love kittens?
See y'all niggas tripping, man
Look at that article that says my subject matter is wrong
Saying I hate gays even though Frank is on 10 of my songs
Look at that Mom who thinks I'm evil, hold that grudge against me
Though I'm the reason that her motherfucking son got to eat
Look at the kid who had the 9 and tried to blow out his mind
But talk is money, I said, "Hi," I guess I bought him some time
Look at the ones in the crowd -- that shit is barnacles, huh?
They thought I wasn't fair until I threw a carnival, huh?
But then again, I'm an atheist that just worships Satan
And it's probably why I'm not getting no fucking album placements
And MTV could suck my dick, and I ain't fuckin' playing
Bruh, they never played it, I just won shit for they fucking ratings
"Analog" fans are getting sick of the rape
All the "Tron Cat" fans are getting sick of the lakes
But what about me, bitch? I'm getting sick of complaints
But I don't hate it when I'm taking daily trips to the bank
Oh but no but, shit, who really gives a fuck what I think?
My fans don't, they turning on me, shit, they're almost extinct
Fuck buying studio time, I'ma go purchase a shrink
Record the session and send all you motherfuckers a link, bitch

Nigga, summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

Summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

This shit just like the nights I look forward to not remembering
So much for being sober, I hope that you can forgive me
But Momma, I'm close to the edge as possible (Why don't you jump, you fucking pussy?)
All I’m seeing is the drop in my ocular, jumping like they told me
That the 40's half off, like you know that cliff
Don't need a therapist to tell him he could float that shit (Fucking faggot)
Or get compared to fucking pair with all the program kids
So maybe a pair of pale bitches for the gonads lick (I'll show you)
Malt liquor filling me up, and all us not giving no fucks and
All of them sensitive chumps in awe when that pistol erupts (Pistol, I got one!)
Dirty one spitting that sumpy raw till his wrists in the cuffs
Brother the Pigeons is us
Bid you goodnight and good luck
(Oh, shut the fuck up!)
(Gunshot)

Samuel's here! Where's Wolf? Fucking faggot. Salem was mine, bitch! Was that good enough, you fucking pussy?
Yo, fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Nah Right
And any other fuck-nigga-ass blog that can't put an 18 year old nigga
Making his own fucking beats, covers, videos and all that shit
Fuck you post-Drake-ass cliche-jerking, LA-slauson rapping
Fuck-nigga-ass Hypebeast niggas, now back to the album

Well, Tyler, hi, I'm Dr. TC and um, I'm guessing that your teacher sent you here to talk cause you were misbehaving
Um, it's gonna be three sessions: today, tomorrow, and the next day
So, just tell me something about yourself...
Well, look, if you don't talk, I mean, these sessions are going to go slower

This is what the devil plays before he goes to sleep
Some food for thought? This food for death, go ahead and fucking eat
My father's dead, well I don't know, we'll never fucking meet
I cut my wrist and play piano cause I'm so depressed
Somebody call the pastor, this bastard is so possessed
This meeting just begun, nigga I'm Satan's son

My mother raised me a single parent so it's apparent
That I got love for my mother, none of you other fuckers
Are much important I'm getting angrier while recording
I'm feeling like the bulls, I've got a gang of wolves
Odd Future is children that's fucked up in they mental
Simple but probably not, fuck them

I'm tall, dark, skinny, my ears are big as fuck
Drunk white girls the only way I'll get my dick sucked
Suspended from school, coolest nigga without effort
Easy to spot like black bitches with fake leopard
Soak me up in a tampon, but keep the lamp on
Cause this album pack enough evil
That you can't fit inside a Jansport, go to school with this

I go from AP to JC inside a fucking week
Waking up with random girls like "Yo, bitch, how the fuck we meet?"
I stay with grandma, she always bitching about her carpet
Every time I walk inside the house, she always tend to start shit
No to drugs I never spark it, I used to be bullied for honor classes
By those that were slow as molasses, take this shit to school

Raquel treat me like my father like a fucking stranger
She still don't know I made Sarah to strangle her
Not put her in danger and chop her up in the back of a Wrangler
All because she said no to homecoming, demons running
Inside my heads telling me evil thoughts
I'm the dream catcher but nothing but nightmares I caught, go to sleep

I wear green hats because I'm fortunately lucky
Fuck me the monster said, somehow the monster's dead
Inside of me, but the thoughts it tells me are still evil
With this state of mind, big moves, Max Keeble
I'm on my grind feeble, my music is either
A fucking sin or too illegal play this shit in church

I graduated without honors or fucking father
He died (I'm so sorry) No bitch, don't even fucking bother
I wanted a brother my mother I told her
But instead I got a sister, just like me with her mister nada
So both of our imaginations are creations of the fucking situation
That's having our brains racing like Dayton, wearing some fucking Heelys

I know you fucking feel me, I want to fucking kill me
But times I'm so serious, you think I'm silly
I'm doing Big Style Willy couldn't touch 11
Seven, what's religion nigga? I am legend
I roll with skaters and musicians with an intuition
I created O.F. cause I feel we're more talented
Than 40 year old rappers talking about Gucci
When they have kids they haven't seen in years, impressing their peers
With the same problem, the only way to solve them
Is to go to Father's Day convention with a gold revolver
Life's a salad, I'm a toss it, eat that shit up, Rick Ross it
Shit it out, bag it up, sell it, I'm so damn rebellious
Cause my mother let me do what I want
She wasn't careless, protective she is the bear
The shit is so bare, my diary isn't hid
My father didn't give a fuck, so it's something I inherit
My mom is all I have so it's never meet the parents
When Danielle or Milan decide to fucking share
This confused boy, I wanna hug hoy, I’m bad for you kids to listen to
Soy is not the choice, I'm bad milk, drink it

Whoa, umm, it seems you had a lot to say
Uh, who knows I might feel as I'm evaluating

My wrist is all red from the cutter
Dripping cold blood like the winter, the summer
Is never that's equivalent to me and Sarah
Well that's not her fucking name, but I think this shit is clever
My niggas wanna know if I'm fucking, if I'm kissing
But I'm sitting here downing beers simply just wishing
With a tear they try to tell me but I never listen
Cause I don't give a shit like sitting down pissing
Eighteen, still talking to imaginaries
Hopefully they see the talent I carry just like Jimmy
Losers can never win me, you can never offend me
My goal in life is a Grammy, hopefully momma will attend the
Ceremony with all my homies, I'm suicidal
This my Zombie Circus, I hope the majors heard this
Fuck a deal, I just want my father's email
So I can tell him how much I fucking hate him in detail

Wow, umm, so Tyler if you had the chance to tell him something
What would you tell him?
Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!

They say I've calmed down since the last album
Well, lick my dick, how does that sound? (Umm)
Smell my gooch, you could kiss my buns
And I don't give a shit, bend my rectum
Somebody said bands make her dance
You think you're getting cash, no bitch, you're dumb
The only thing that you're gonna get is this dick
Wait turn this up, bitch, this my jam (Where the drums at?)
Here, take a goddamn picture
And tell Spike Lee he's a goddamn nigga
And while you're at it, pass the lotion
And fapping and Xbox Live, that fun
Before I cum, I'm calling your sister
When she comes over, I take picture
Instantly put it on Instagram
And suplex her off a building if I get banned

Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

Bring back the horns that was played in the beginning
And tell Tony Parker that I found his vision
And if he's tripping off my sneak dissing
Then he has to deal with me and my minions
Tryna get a bimmer, E46
Have you heard "48", motherfucka I'm great
Golf Wang prints always cover the sleeves
From cuts for the Biebs, 'cause he's puffin' the trees, please
Fuck I look like? Got a new bike tire
Never pop like the puss on a butch dyke
Think I give a fuck, I do go raw
Then I bust in her jaw like (Fuck that disease!)
My urethra, hole that I pee from
Bigger than the obese neck on Aretha
Now turn that snare down
I'm back like I'm Rosa Parks fare on the same damn bus
Like, "You're going to jail now!"

Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?
If a woodchuck could ever give a fuck?
Bitch Suck Dick, motherfuck you and your opinions
(Can you kick it?) Yes, I can sir, where the lump is
Sicker than the last bar bold-er, I’m a CO
Colorado, fuck Michael, bitch, I’m badder than my BO
Find me and Lance tryna dance during chemo
Before they repossess our strong arm bands and tuxedos

Yeah, buddy, this is my jam, na na na na na na na!
Golf Wang, Golf Wang, no, fuck you, na na na na na na!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
Can't agree? Bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

How many fags can a lightbulb screw?
Well if it has a dick, maybe two or six
And tell the NRA I'm about to lose my shit
Shoot through Wayne LaPierre's hair with a crucifix
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a rich nigga, huh?
A little Jergens in my palm for the jerkin'
Hope my mom don't catch me, tryna set mood
Little Redtube, fuck lotion, I don't need lube, dry fist suits me
Up and down, the friction makes a squeaky sound, the shit's kind of disgusting
Fap time and before I flatline, Clancy chimes in my room and catch me
This shit's so damn embarrassing like...

Oh, shit, aw fuck
What the fuck!
Aw, I'm sorry
Is that my shirt?
Yeah, sorry, I needed something
Clean that shit up, we're going to the office!
Yo, who dat boy? Who him is?
Him that ni-guh, I swear
Stand out guy, him don't need no chair
Well, where the fuck him at? 'Cause nigga, I'm right here
I don't shop at the mall, all y'all just
Dumb mothafucka, I'm a goddamn artist
You can give me some markers and I'll draw you a closet
And you know that it's GOLF, bitch, gonna make the deposit
Nigga fresh to death like he got dressed in a coffin
Cons, overalls, and a striped shirt
The boy drips swag like a broken faucet
It's runnin', nigga, I'm runnin' shit
That cherry be the bomb like he ran in Boston
Won't stop 'til the cops surround him
One nigga jiggy and the other awesome
With his fuckin' face blown off, that's how they found him
It's Young T

Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the air like that?
Nigga, who dem boys?

Who dem is? Nigga, who dem is?
Who else step in this bitch this jig?
Who else your bitch say got a bick this big?
Who else came through with a wrist this flick?
Nigga, Guess my pants, do my dance
Spin around, bitch, you could kiss my ass
Never seen a nigga in this much Raf
Still doin' math when I miss my class
Was it Summertime '06, had the Number (N)ine
Nigga, never mind, was another time before Vince
Had the Gucci gold tips with the letterman
Nigga, dollar sign was my favorite number at the time
Fresh freshmen 'til they skipped my ass
Senior citizen, don't forget my pass
Been that nigga and you knew that there
Make the dick disappear, how she do that there?

Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga's neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the-?

Fuck the rap, I'm tryna own a planet
From my other fuckin' business ventures
These niggas these days
Actin' like some bitches, like they're fuckin' with ya (yeah)
Teeth is glistenin', Jesus, Christmas
He just shittin', she exquisite, bitches be expensive
(Yeah, let 'em know, nigga) And I don't even need attention
WANG$AP on the bumper sticker, fuck you niggas
Fuck global warming, my neck is so frío
I'm currently lookin' for '95 Leo
My mom say she worried because I'm so ill
I should stay in bed, but got too much bread
To make, she said watch my weight
So I stayed home and start eatin' some meals
Get out of my way, way, boy that's McLaren
That's 0 to 60 in 2 point nueve, I'm gone
La, la, la, la, la, la, la
AAAAHHH!

Satan's getting jealous of the wolves, the demons say they preferring us
Books on not giving a fuck is what they're referring us (Wolf Gang)
Wolves, I know you heard of us, we're murderers
And young enough to get the fucking priest to come and flirt with us
You niggas rap about fucking bitches and getting head
Instead I rap about fucking bitches and getting heads
While you niggas stacking bread, I can stack a couple dead
Bodies, making red look less of a color, more of a hobby
I'm not a rapper nor a rapist nor a racist
I fuck bitches with no permission and tend to hate shit
Brag about the actions in a rhyming pattern matter
Then proceed to sat her down when I go splatter in her chatterbox
Atta boy, Odd Future, you're not in our categore
Torture with the super soaker at the asian liquor store
This the type of shit that make a Chris Brown want to kick a whore
That make songs about the wet blockers when it rains and pours
(Umbrella) I hate this, screaming fuck patience
Got a nigga shaking like the calmest fucking Haitian
After chronic masturbation, asking where Mary-Kate went
I want to be the reasons why all lesbians hate dick
I make this damn Bullwinkle the red moose
Game of duck-duck-duct tape with a dead goose
She running 'round this motherfucking dungeon, her legs loose
Until I accidentally get the saw to her head, oops

Victim, victim, honey, you're my fifth one
Honey on that topping when I stuff you in my system
Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome
You got a fucking death wish? I'm a genie, it'll get done
Nice to meet you, but it's more pleasant to eat you
With a leaf of salad and some dressing pouring out a teacup
Bitch, I'm Tyler the Creature, suck your feet up like a beach of leeches
Rubber more than the fucking bottom of a sneaker
Jeeper the fucking creeper, get your daughter and keep her
In the jeeps where the Wolf Gang rides around deeper
Take her to Ladera, now she's scared and you're embarrassed
Filled with terror, chop her legs off and tell her to run some errands
Put her eyes in a canteen, take her to the Berrics
Stare at Steve, say it costs ten to fuck Eric
Put her in the lake, her body sinks great, now it's time to fish her like Derek
Satan says we're dangerous, we're trading kids for angel dust
And snuff and sniff, and now that Michael Jackson's trying to suck our dick
Hippopot the fucking llamas, dead bodies, cheerleading squaders
Gave the team a bunch of fucking bees and the Keke Palmer
They will never catch him or catch up
They asked me what it was, I told them fuckers it was ketchup
Nutty like my Chex mix, she bleeding from her rectum
Odd Future wolves stirring ruckus, throwing sets up, yep

This the type of shit that make children break in apartments
When you tell a fucking orphan you don't love them 'til they heart thin
(I hate you!) Starve her 'til I carve her then I shove her in the Rover
Where I cut her like a barber with a Parkinson's disorder
Store her in a portable freezer with me to Portland
Catch me with a bunch of fucking Mexicans crossing the border (arriba!)
I'll be the only wetback who ain't really touched the water
Cause I'll be too fucking busy tryna flirt with Jesus' daughter
(Fuck Mary) I'm awesome, and I fuck dolphins
Sicker than the starving Nigerian kids barfing
Odd Future Wolf Gang Nazi bar mitzvah
With your sister at the bar playing leg and arm twister
Evident that I'm the shit, I'm the Pooh like Tigger dick
I got these cracker doctors saying, "yeah Bob, this nigga's sick"
Animal safari, if I offend you I'm sorry
Because I'm the blackest skinhead since India Arie
I don't smoke weed, so no need for the matches
I said fuck coke and now I'm snorting Hitler's ashes
I plan on either dying for suicide or my asthma
Being the only bastard in a box logo casket
Rashes on my dick from licks of shishkabob Sagets
In some Kanye West glasses screaming out "fuck faggots"
Catch me in my attic taking photos of my dad's dick
Drop the beat here to make it extra climactic

What the fuck?
I'm speechless, that was, fuck
Shit, Tyler, you're gonna need some help
I'm not a.. fuck it, different subject
How's that girl you were telling me about?
Part I: 911

(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me)
(Call me) How you doin'?
(Call me) My name is Lonely, nice to meet you
Here's my number
You can reach me, woo!

(Call me)
911, call me some time
(You should call me)
911, call me some time
911 (You should call me, oh)
911 (Call me)

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My thirst levels are infinity and beyond
Sippin' on that lemonade, I need a Beyoncé
Can't see straight, these shades are Céline Dion
Sucks you can't gas me up, shout out to Elon
Musk, yeah, I got a sold out show
Crowd wild out but don't matter 'cause you not front row
I've been lookin' for a keeper, listen to the speaker
If you fit description, hit me on my beeper
At that 911

Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line, you know I'll answer (click)
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line

Call me
911, call me some time
You should call me
911, call me some time
911, (you should call me, oh)
911, (you should call me)

Chirp, chirp
Chirp, chirp
Woke up in the 'burbs, 'burbs, with the birds, birds
Where you used to come and get me with the swerve, swerve
These days you gotta find time
Even the night line
Work line
Dial nine

Five car garage
Full tank of the gas
But that don't mean nothing, nothing
Nothin', nothin', without you shotgun in the passenger
I'm the loneliest man alive
But I keep on dancing to throw 'em off
I'm gon' run out of moves 'cause I can't groove to the blues
If you know any DJs, tell 'em to call me at 911...
Part II: Mr. Lonely

I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old lonely ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Forreal, you need to go somewhere, like, get some bitches or something
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old weird ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been
Lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely

They say the loudest in the room is weak
That's what they assume, but I disagree
I say the loudest in the room
Is prolly the loneliest one in the room (that's me)
Attention seeker, public speaker
Oh my God, that boy there is so fuckin' lonely
Writin' songs about these people
Who do not exist, he's such a fuckin' phony
One thing I know, is that I wanna
Win so bad, but I'm not Chicago
Heart is low, it's real low, it's so low
You can't lift me up, I'm like Gallardo
From the start it's been real dark
It's been so dark, I guess that you could call me charbroiled, huh
I'm playin' like Hasbro
I'm really Saari, call me Arto
Crashed the McLaren, bought me a Tesla
I know you sick of me talkin' 'bout cars (skrrt)
But what the fuck else do you want from me?
That is the only thing keepin' me company
Purchase some things until I'm annoyed
These items is fillin' the void
Been fillin' it for so long
I don't even know if it's shit I enjoy (ohh)
Current battle as an adult
My partner is a shadow
I need love, do you got some I could borrow?
Fuck it, I could find some tomorrow
But that never comes
Like a vasectomy, what have I done?
I got the talent, the face and the funds
Found myself long ago but I haven't found someone (who)
Mirror, mirror on the wall (who)
The loneliest of them all (me)
Cupid actin' stupid
Do you got another number I could call?
Never had a pet
I've never had a pet
There's more fish in the sea
But I never had a goldfish to begin with
I never had a dog
So I've never been good with bitches
'Cause I never threw a ball, fetch
I never had a pet, that's where it stems from, I bet
Treat me like direct deposit
Check in on me sometime
Ask me how I'm really doin'
So I never have to press that 911

Ohh! Damn! Damn!
Sawed-off, I eat those
These clothes, they free though
Straight from the back of the Supreme store
Don't give a fuck about these hoes--
Hold on, hold on, hold on, run that shit back!
(This is a DJ Stankdady exclusive!)
I want the black kids to like me for this one, man
Trashwang! Woah!
Illegal CIV!
Trashwang! Yo!
Golfwang!
Trashwang!

Bitch, I'm with the fucking extras
Big dog, cup full of egg nog
Don't give a fuck 'bout shit but clips and Camp Flog Gnaw
Sawed-off, I eat those
These clothes, they free though
Straight from the back of the Supreme store
Don't give a fuck about these hoes
They just slob knob in New York shows
Thirsty for the clips till I'm not flow
Pusha Georgia trip, bitch I got it poppin'
Me and Jasper going coffin shopping
Hoes see the board be a lotta boxes
Bitches see the boy and they mouth be frothing
Chain is glossing
Bitch

Trash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers

Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up
Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up
Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up
Trash Wang, nigga, roll a blunt
Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up
Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up
Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up
Trash Wang, nigga, roll a blunt

Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, yeah, them niggas is swell
Tighter than a straight nigga going to jail
Locked in a box, nigga, off them socks
I can finally afford the bail
My bitch isn't bad
She's pretty normal looking with a real nice ass
Now hop off my dick, what it be
Bitch, Mob, Task, Force, Lil, B, nigga
Speaking of the devil
Y'all niggas cornier than kettle
Y'all couldn't smoke crack or heroin
In a Black Ops plane and reach my level
Ate some bugs and I made some carats
Fuck y'all niggas' bullshit, y'all cherish
I'm 21, I threw a party but…
Difference is, y'all didn't have a Ferris
Wheel

55 grams in that blunt, nigga
I face that
Just copped that motherfucker bimmer nigga
I race that
Keep talking that shit
I'll pull your card
Get chipped like that nigga from Stomp The Yard
Don't fuck with Jasper
He a retard
Kill your motherfucking grandma and have your family scarred

Might fuck around and be a goat named Felicia
Sorry, got a little excited
It's probably all the meth Walt Jr. provided
Wolf Gang, up in this bitch
Red Riding Hood is pissed
Somebody tell Megan and Sara to come and suck a-

Trash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers

Beamers for days
White bitches is slaves
Niggas ain't with that warfare
My goons got aim
100 racks before 18
200 before I hit 6 feet
Nigga we bout it bout it
Yo bitch try to suck my dick

Holding up my chain
Versace Flocka Flame
Pull up in the tank
Cock back and aim (ouch)
Spitting my verse wearing gold fangs
I'm loading up the nine shouting Golf Wang
Your bitch tattoo
It say my name
Sachee Santana
Nigga bird gang
Supreme team
Seventh veil
Paying all these ratchet's
Phone bills

(What) Yeah
Y'all niggas thought it was a game
We shutting the motherfucking shit down now nigga
It's over for you bitch niggas
I'm here with my nigga nasty Nak', Mr. Versace
Wolf Haley in this motherfucker
Jasper The Motherfucking Dolphin
And my nigga, Mike G
We taking this shit over
Its shut down for you bitch niggas
I got the Tec
Im bustin' at y'all bitches heads nigga
Fuck all you niggas
It's getting hot in here

Odd Future Wolf Gang bruh we Kill 'Em All
Golf Wang sticker on that Trash Wang
Nigga knows that OF popping -- Loiter Squad, Flog Gnaw
OFWGKTA yeah you niggas know them seven letters long
Yeah, Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Golf Wang up in this bitch
Litter Life up in this bitch
OFM, banging on your motherfuckin' FM
Nigga, fuck you thought this was, nigga?
Haha
Click-click (gunshot)
What the fuck was that
For your boy
I'm watching Freaks and Geeks with the trampoline on the floor
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors, nigga

Money, money, money, money
Money ain't the motive
What's your name again? Nobody knows it
Don't speak to me nigga, you not impo'tant
I'm focused
(Two, three, four) Bring in the horns
They say I'm nutty, I'm picnic basket
I'm short of a sandwich, I'm peanut butter
Boyce Watkin's a faggot, please come and get me
Said I suck him at your neck, like a hickey, boy I'm sicky
Like a HIV victim, ain't nobody fuckin' with me
I got banned from New Zealand, whitey called me a demon
And a terrorist, goddammit, I couldn't believe in it
Ban a kid from a country, I never fall, never timber
But you fucked up as a parent, your child idol's a nigga
I clearly don't give a fuck, so you could run that shit back
And fuck your loud pack
And fuck your Snapchat
Cherry Bomb
The greatest fuckin' album since the days of sound
And that shit gon' pop
Just like that nigga that was never 'round
Damn, 'bout to drop
Gas 'em up, thick exhaust
Young T, came quick, hard to beat, dick is soft
We ain't lyin', we the truth, call him Simba, beats his hooves
Tyler, The Creator sweatin' Jesus juice
Put that fuckin' cow on my level, 'cause I'm raising the stakes
Mom, I made you a promise, it's no more section 8
When we ate it's the steaks, now our section is great
'Cause that's the level I'm at, my niggas pass 'em a plate
'Ye!

Why, oh why, why, why don't they like me?
'Cause Nike gave a lot of niggas checks
But I'm the only nigga to ever check Nike

Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin'
But I feel like Michael Jordan
Scottie Pippen at my weddin'
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin' for me
You can't Lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin' to me
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em
I believe you like a fat trainer taking a bite or somethin'
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?"
Yeah, my nigga; it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on
I know they told they white daughters
"Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype
I am the light and the beacon
You can ask the deacon
It's funny, when you get extra money
Every joke you tell just be extra funny
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine, bathroom break, nose extra runny
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck, hold up
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin' at a Autobahn speed-level
Had a drink with Fear, and I was textin' God
He said "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard"

For your boy
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren
With the vertical doors
I'm watchin' Freak and Geeks
Got a trampoline in my room, damn

(2, 3, 4)
Hold your fuckin' horses
Niggas really fuckin' thought that T lost it
Like I bet it at a auction
Been exhausted
I been workin'
While y'all silly bros smoke like broken exhaust tips
Fuckin' losers

Hold your fuckin' ponies my homie
I'll whip your donkey by my lonely
I eat pussy like Shoney's (Yeah)
It's Tunechi, homie, Master of Ceremonies
I knock 'em down, Domino effect, no pepperoni
I swear

This them Golf boys, like them Hot Boys
For the nine-nine and two-thousand
But its the two-thou'
And the one-four
And the one-five
Yo, what up Wayne?
What up Slime? Nigga, go hard
Yeah, I'mma go hard like before 'caine
Got too much drive, need like ten lanes
Life is a broad, and she give brain
That's that road head Yeah
That's a dream car
Got a full tank of that same year I was born
That's that one-nine-nine-one
'Nother nigga like I, you won't find one
'Cause nigga I'm a god, a divine one
Tune

My trigger finger wise
But my 9 dumb Yeah
Middle finger blind
So it's fuck A-N-Y-one
Fuck, skate, and die son
A hundred ways to die son
I'm starin' at a tramp-on-lean
Make my eye jump
Use Adderall like alarm clocks
Wake my high up
Stakes are high, well done, and prime cut; eat up
I stick my Rolie in her mouth, let the time come
She got hair like Sheneneh, and eyes like Wanda
Oh my goodness

Wayne, them bitches ugly
These niggas colder than Tommy' buddy
Ye, we hittin' models
Like Tony Parker be hittin' bottles
Bitch, I'm goin' harder than yellow cabbies stoppin' for Lionel
(Black ass nigga)
They be duckin' us niggas, shout out to Donald Sterling
Boy, lets get a scrimmage
And cut some niggas
I'll bring the Clippers
And a couple owners that's kinda German
You bring the nooses
And a couple trees, where the money grow
And get bodies burnin'
'Cause I'm tryna hang like I'm Mr. Cooper
Or Jews in Berlin
Or some niggas from Alabama, Birmingham
My new music's all over the street like Erick Sermon was
Fuck us
Maybe we should team up
Anti-Golf boys
'Cause I don't fuck with me either
I'm a liar, I'm a faggot (Uhh..)

Son you need Jesus
But I heard he left Sunset, to go on tour with Yeezus
Well, I'm prayin' for the new Yeezys
And you pussies prayin' that we squash the beef, like zucchini
I know; it ain't gain, nor fame, nor tame
Or lame, nor strange

Nah faggot, it's Golf Wang
(2, 3, 4)
You wouldn't do that Tyler, kill yourself or anyone. You don't even have the balls to begin with. What you need is me, someone to talk to, uh, it's been a while since our last session. So, tell me what's been going on

I'm not a fucking role model (I know this)
I'm a 19 year old fucking emotional coaster with pipe dreams
Since Kanye tweeted telling people he's bumping all of my shit
These mothafuckas think I'm 'sposed to live up to something? Shit
I'm still jacking off and proceeding my life careless
But getting more pussy cause I tell bitches I'm Wood Harris (as you should)
Philly to Paris, I'm getting these weird stares
At skateparks and airports all in a year, it's weird
Yonkers dropped and left them craniums mindfucked
Now competition missing like that nigga my mom fucked
He still hasn't called me yet (that's not your fault)
But that's a whole fucking different argument, shit, I got over it
And a couple bucks in my pocket, so now I could go buy
A couple hot pockets and grandma could stop cooking
Them nasty ass collard greens, pressure's on me like this top hat
Bastard intro, how the fuck I'm gonna top that?

"Tyler, you'll top it, you'll top that, you're a very capable individual"
"Okay, you guys caught me, I'm not a fucking rapist or serial killer, I lied"
"You know, you just want attention, you'll be fine"
"I try too hard, huh?"
"No, you don't"

Made a couple thou' and I just don't know what to buy yet
The 'preme shit is free and I don't drink, so fuck a wine set
Nigga, fuck a mindset, my brain is an obscenity
I'm fucked in the head, I lost my mind with my virginity
Oh, that's a triple three six, isn't he a devil worshiper
Cause I'm too fucking ignorant to do some research?
I'm the star of the group (Yeah)
So no one else gets the respect that they deserve cause of you
(Bastard was good though) What you think I record it for?
To have a bunch a critics call my shit a bunch of horrorcore?
Like I didn't make "Parade" or "Inglorious"
Cause I'm too scared to tell my friends the way I really fucking feel?
Of course they only listen to lyrics about me pissin' off
In the tombs of Lara Croft, I'm getting pissed off (I bet)
Message boards are on my dick, I need a pissing waiver (here)
Let me bust one in they mouth, I know they full of flavor

"Can't they just be happy for me like, a kid with nothing, living out his dreams? Why they got to fucking hate?"
"I think everyone's happy, everyone's immature, everyone loves you Tyler, you have to believe that."
"I don't even skate anymore, I'm too fucking busy, I can barely kickflip now."
"Why? Why is that? Do you not have any free time at your home?"
"What the fuck you mean I'm not talented? You see the shit that I've been doing?"
"I have, I mean you're a great person."
"I mean, I'm not that great of a rapper but as a whole, I'm pretty cool, right?"

People excited, thinking shit is so tight (For what?)
Getting co-signs from rappers that I don't even like
What the fuck you want me to do? Start to gobble his mic?
And start Jackson him off until his cack blasting off? (No...)
Fuck that, (Yeah) These niggas ain't fucking with me
Cause I don't listen to the Immortal of Tech-of-the-nique
And all this underground bullshit that's never gon' peak
On the Billboard Top 20 and Jam of the Week
I'd rather listen to Badu and Pusha the T
And some Waka Flocka Flame instead (All that shit) of that real hip hop
That's bull-of-the-sheet, but they want to critique
Everything that we, Wolf Gang, has ever released
But they don't get it, (They don't, it's not made for them) cause it's not made for them
The nigga that's in the mirror rapping, it's made for him
But they do not have the mindset that's same as him
I'm not weird, you're just a faggot, shame on him

"It is, but Tyler, you're going to have to cut down on that "faggot" word, that's very, that's a bad...
"I'm not homophobic."
"I mean, I don't think you are but..."
"Faggot."
"Alright, well, since the last time we..."
"The fuck is a good performance? I get on stage and I have as much fun as I can."
"I mean, you, you, it seems like you have fun. But your Twitter posts, just.. I mean, they're really random and it's ADD."
"Who doesn't have ADD..? Well, I don't."
"I mean, sometimes, you're just really out in the distance and we just want to know, what's the problem for this?"
"I wish Thebe was here."

Therapy's been sinning and niggas getting offended
They don't want to fuck with me cause I do not fuck with religion
You see, that's my decision, you fuckers don't have to listen
Here, put this middle finger in your ear (I'd rather not)
When someone gets blamed cause some white kid had aimed (What?) his AK-47
At 47 kids, I don't wanna see my name mentioned
(I don't think anyone's going to men—I don't think anyone takes you serious enough to believe you.)
College wasn't working and I wasn't working
So I was at home jerking off until my dick was hurting
But I was determined to be great, so those classes can wait
Cause the four days that I went, I wasn't learning shit (I mean, you...)
Now I'm living dreams that I wanted since eight
And can afford to get my mother something on her birthday
(I mean, you've explained to me that you were in school, but, I mean, I...)
They claim the shit I say is just wrong
Like nobody has those really dark thoughts when alone
I'm just a teenager, who admits he's suicide prone
My life is doing pretty good, so that date is postponed for now
Wow, life's a cute bitch full of estrogen
And when she gives you lemons, nigga, throw 'em at pedestrians
(So, what are you saying, take advantage?
I mean, you've been doing pretty good, I've seen that)
I still live in my grandma's house
Sell out a fucking show in London just to end up on couches
I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement
My hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then
And then I am confused if I want in or just out
My friends really think I'm playing when I say I need counseling
I sit in grandmother's living room and just pout
And shout loud inside, sometimes I just want to die (No, you don't)
Odd Future came from the bottom
And it's gonna take a couple armed armies tryna stop 'em
(I believe you) All you fucking lames don't have to like me
The devil doesn't wear Prada, I'm clearly in a fucking white tee

Whoa, umm, alright, uh, so Syd was telling me you went to New York...
Part 1 - FUCKING YOUNG

Day that I met you girl
I knew that it was something special
But I couldn't put my finger on it (Fuck I can't sing, whatever look)
We met through mutual friends (Mutual friends)
And this is where the story and confusion begin
Cause I was at nirvana but I had to pretend that I wasn't

There go the police man (Knocking at my door)
Do I leave out the back and (Grab my wallet and coat)
Or do I answer real confused like ("I don't know")
Now me and she held hands (And we danced, nothing more)
She kissed my hand a couple times, (FaceTime when we're bored)
There's nobody at the door, (Man, I'm so paranoid)
Fuck, 'cause

Cause girl you're perfect, but you're too fucking young (for me)
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young
This is more than a crush, I just might be in love

A six year (Difference) is a ten year (Sentence)
And with the (Pigment) on my skin
I don't want to be another (Statistic)
You bring me (Joy, joy, joy, joy)
And you fill a void that was once missing
And (I can say I'm in love)

There go the police man (Knocking at my door)
Do I leave out the back and (Grab my wallet and coat)
Or do I answer real confused like ("I don't know")
Now me and she held hands (And we danced, nothing more)
She kissed my hand a couple times, (FaceTime when we're bored)
There's nobody at the door, (Man I'm so paranoid)
Fuck, cause

Cause girl you're perfect, but you're too fucking young (for me)
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young
This is more than a crush, I just might be in love

When you're 35, I'll be 41, and when I'm 27, you'll be 21
Yo, this is dumb, and when that time comes for that 1-8
I'll probably run, cause I'm fucking terrified
Yo this is dumb,you should find someone else
I'm not the one for you, shit, I'm still growing up by myself
And mentally you're older than me and that shit doesn't help
Cause if they see you with T, they'll think T needs some help
So when you mention "hang," I'm thinking about a tree and a belt
And I don't want no relation, shit no relation
Ship when my dick is longer than my attention-
Span, it's gonna suck your shit, it's that kitchen fan
It splattered on me like my dick in my hand
What? I'm still fucking off, not good at ducking off
Because I found a goose that I like, but I'm still running off
She gon' want a nest, that's why I cannot get fucking caught
That's a scary word, you could save that shit for the birds
But I found my wings, fuck, (But you're too fucking young)
I really like you, I don't know what to do (And when temptation calls, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young)
Funny thing about this is, by the time you hear this
It won't even matter, I'll be in the clear, it's T and Uncle Charlie
(But you're too young, but you're too young, but you're too young)
Part 2 - PERFECT

Boy I know, that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared
Boy I know, that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared (I know)

I know that there could be
Somethin' for you and me
What's your philosophy?
You're scared, scared
And I exit and wait a while
Just say the word girl
Can't you see the answers are all there
But I'm just too blind to see
You and I are cut from different fabric
I wonder why, I wonder why, girl
Don't be too material to see
But I'm just too blind to see
Somehow, this world is such a struggle just to be
Fuck 'em all baby, it's just you and me

But you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me
Fuck, cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me
And it hurts, it fuckin' hurts
Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one
That you're the one, for me
Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me, yeah

I rock
I rock
I rock
Nigga had the fucking nerve to call me immature
Fuck you think I made Odd Future for?
To wear fucking suits and make good decisions?
Fuck that nigga, Wolf Gang

Who the fuck invited Mr. I Don't Give a Fuck
Who cries about his daddy in a blog because his music sucks? (I did!)
Well, you fucking up, and truthfully I had enough
And fuck rolling papers, I'm a rebel, bitch, I'm ashing blunts (Sorry)
Full of shit, like I ate that john
Come on kids, fuck that class and hit that bong
Let's buy guns and kill those kids with dads and mom
With nice homes, 41k's, and nice ass lawns
Those privileged fucks got to learn that we ain't taking no shit
Like Ellen DeGeneres clitoris is playing with dick
I'm jealous as shit, cause I ain't got no home meal to come to
So, if you do, I'm throwing fingers out screaming "fuck you"
I got ten of these Kennedy's
Not Dom, but if I was a Dahm, I would be Jeffery
'preme hat the color of a leprechaun with leprosy
I'm fucking 'bout it, 'bout it, like I'm Master P in '96
It's fucking immaculate, the way your daughter smacking dicks
Surprised she hasn't taken gymnastic dick inside her alley oop
The Golf Wang hooligans, is fucking up the school again
And showing you and yours that breaking rules is fucking cool again
I'm going harder than a midget jumping over me
Chronic youth, I'm shoving blunt wraps in bitches ovaries
Punches to the stomach where that bastard kid supposed to be
Fuck a mask, I want that ho to know it's me, ugh

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

My love is gone for you mami, you could ride in hearses
I'm sick in the brain dumb bitch, can you nurse this?
You told me life would never, ever, ever get this perfect
Then you smoke a J of weed, and take his kids to the churches
Uh, fuck church, they singing and the shit ain't even worth it
In the choir, whores and liars, scumbags and the dirt, bitch
You told me God was the answer
When I ask him for shit, I get no answer, so God is the cancer
I'm stuck in triangles, looking for my angel
Kill me with a chainsaw, and let my balls dangle
Triple six is my number, you can get it off my Tumblr

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

It was hilarious, well it ain't fucking funny now
I'll push this fucking pregnant clown into a hydrant stuck in the ground
I step through the stomach, replace the baby with some fucking pounds
"My baby daddy shoot bricks, the nigga also shoot rounds"
Cause if I shoot blanks, oops, thanks
I'm right back in it dead yummy and her mildew stank

Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree, suck a couple pimple-covered dicks
Um, Wolf Gang, that's the fucking clique
Golf Wang kill them all nigga, triple six
Fuck 2DopeBoyz, all them niggas bitches
We don't need y'all, The Fader's who we really fucking with, bitch

And we don't fucking make horrorcore, you fucking idiots
Listen deeper than the music before you put it in a box, Wolf Gang
Papa ain't call even though he saw me on TV, it's all good (Fuck you)
But now my balls, balls deep in this broad's jaw
Swallow girl, it's just nut
Bitches scared to let me smash on they ass
Yeah, they heard I'm fuckin' nuts like the swag of a fag
Like me and Tekeli was gagging in the back of the cabin
Camp Flog Gnaw, nigga, you can tell by the badge
(Hodgy, pass me my inhaler)
I'm sick of hacking and coughing, I'm often this fucking awesome
I'm animal, Noah's arking, all from this rapping nonsense
Four stories in my home like "What the fuck's an apartment?" (nigga?)
Get shit poppin' like Peter's pores during puberty
Take bets on how quick Tyler can reach maturity
Cussing out Siri like a waitress with no patience
Oh, you want a tip bitch, well here's my dick for gratiturity, bitch

Shut 'em down!
Nigga, shut 'em down!
Shut 'em down!

I tumble-crush on huzzy sluts, give money up then nutty butt
Professor Nutty Buddy Klump gets petty when you touch his lunch
Like, what the fuck? I'm drunk as fuck, turn the fucking music up
So I can't hear these stupid fucks, talk-no-walk, let you discuss
You're talking too much, Who the fuck are you to us? Uterus
I put that on my pubes and nuts, if I don't begin moving up
I'm shooting up, you and her crew on turf, new desert
I can see the bitch in a nigga through his shirt
I can smell the whore on a bitch when she walk around my crew to flirt
It's on ya' shoulder, lose the dirt, yeah, it's the movement first
Fuck a human nurse! I'm ill I used this earth to infuse the birth
Of my scrotum on the Channel 10 news, my only motive is to
Skip to my Lou, get hip to the pew
You can drink piss and eat a dick in a few, the sickening view
Of visuals, woo, I'll eat your ribs, I'm a wolf
Then meet your kids after school, and give them drugs cause it's cool, fucker

Shut 'em down!
Nigga, shut 'em down!
Shut 'em down!

Hodgy, fuck this beat, nigga, let's smoke weed
That shit I need, be the shit that's green
A little purple and pink, come get some Swisher Sweets
About three or four more than needed be
I got a eighth I could face, I got a blunt flavored grape
I hate the grape, I could taste it when I'm inhaling the vapes
You could smell us in places when we walk in our clothing is always covered in flakes
Enough for two shake blunts; and what the fuck is this? Uh...
I think this Mary is laced; my heart is beating at paces
That Pacquiao can't relate I'm fucking faded like gradients
Shit, I'm stuck like tape that's super glued
To the center of Kelly Price first waist
It's like my first date with Mrs. Mary, the shit is scary
The paranoia from this marijuana's very heavy, I'm lifted
Fainted by my fifth hit, Lionel, pass the sherm
Let's use the Philly as a dipstick for this bath salt, you dipshit

C'mon, my nigga. You don't even smoke, you weak as fuck, my nigga. You do not smoke, no tucks, my nigga. You're as weak as.. F your butt my nigga. Oh, mark ass nigga, Cuh, oh my God, bro. Here come this weak-ass nigga, Samuel
Uh, addicts arise when I arrive
In this cracked crack fag back slab in disguise
Fat sack of knives in the passenger side
Bitch, reach for the door, get your access denied
I'm not an asshole, I just don't give a fuck a lot
The only time I do is when a bitch is screaming "Tyler, stop!"
The big bad wolf; to me, you're just a minor fox
Red Riding is getting some of this wolfly odder cock
We the niggas you scared of like bad dentists
Flow is anthemic, dirty like it's plants in it
Sick, spit a pandemic, crack and cancer mixed with cannabis
To have a bitch ready to stab a clit with some glass and shit
Your whole gang'll be diminished, bunch got the Brady's in it
Spit sick shit like my saliva got the rabies in it
Fuck rap, I'll be a landlord so I can rape the tenant's daughter
Leave my house with a new stomach, and a baby in it
Face it, me and Ace is sick like malaria carri—

"Augh! Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, stop!"
"Why did you do that?"
"Say sorry, say sorry!"
"Sorry! I'm sorry as fuck!
"Say sorry!"
"I'm sorry as fuck, ow, ow!"
"Say sorry!"
"I'm sorry! Don't look at this!"
"Say sorry"
"Don't look at this, ow stop!"
"Say sorry!"
"Ow! Stop 'fore you fuck something up!"
"Say, "Sorry!"
"Say, "Sor-"
"Sorry, sorry—Uncle!"
"Aw, fuck this nigga, I like him."

Jim Carrey her to the cemetery to bury her
Listen busters, scarier when I finger fuck her
After I dig her up and then eat her out with a bit of mustard
Took karate, mommy told me "Tyler toughen up"
Rihanna haircut, somebody tell Chris Brown to fuck me up
Had to teach the bitch manners, now I gotta learn her
I'll beat the fuck out your bitch anonymous, Ike Turner
Over, sloppy seconds is my preference
Except for when I'm feeding on the flesh of a pedestrian
Nessy loch monster stop Will he though? Probably not
Silly hoes lick my balls like FIFA lollipops
Get the certain tingle, eating Haagen Dazs
With some soccer moms where they like to fucking sit and mingle
Watch an Animal Planet document on the Eagles
In the flyest '06 Supreme beanie, Sigel
Your grind's feeble, I'm regal, really, I'm Willy Smith
I am Legend, a snicker dick in a vanilly chick
Come take a stab at it faggot, I pre-ordered your casket
This is known as a classic, yeah that chapped lips crack shit
Hat is always forest so the bitches call me Gump
But compliment her tits and then its off to hump her
Fuck her in a Hummer while I rape her then I put her in a slumber
It's not a figure of speech when I tell you that I dumped her
Known narcissists, sipping on arsenic
Carved carcasses in the garage, don't park in it
Hard as finding retarded kids at Harvard
It's Wolf Gang barking keep you up like car alarms and shit
Over the edge, yeah I hide in a potato sack
Cause I'm cold as ice like Anasia when she fucking Traq
I'm the type to put you down to bring myself up
So when I rape a bitch I hold her down and get my best nut
The reincarnation of '98 Eminem
60 Crip and Grizzly and some RMK Denim
Pay attention I'm stabbing your women friends, like a gentlemen
Then dipping with the fucking pen to go sin again
White girl, you can ask her what the dick be like
At monster madness doing drive by's on a fucking fixie bike
Fuck it moron, snorting oxycontin, wearing cotton
Oxymoron like buff faggots playing sissy dykes
This the shit that get cripple bitches to hop
Dirty crack pipes lit, bullshit to stop, halt
Boss broke, spouse choke, blouse open
Sly's little shop of horrors, now showing
I hate gays, gangbangers and fucking jerkers
Unless it's gay gangbangers, that's fucking jerkers
Whoa yo, yo.. no homo, I'm not gay, faggot
Odd Future Wolf Gang, Wu-Tang banging in your system
Probably banging in your sister with my children swimming in her system
Let me say this shit in slow-mo, homo
You don't fucking skate, take off that box logo
Random disclaimer! Hey, don't do anything that I say in this song, okay? It's fucking fiction. If anything happens, don't fucking blame me, White America, fuck Bill O'Reilly. Four, three, two, one

What the fuck I look like, saying I'm sorry
To a bunch of fucking fags that can't potentially harm me?
I ain't never gonna bow down to your expectations
By the way, I got sixty fucking wolves that'll guard me
That skate hard, Thrash black hoodies, try something
Make sure your fuckin' feelings end up up in a Glad bag
Fuck all your opinions, I'm tyin' 'em with a shoestring
And fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right...)
Odd Future Wolf Gang, we came together cause we ain't have nobody else. Do you? You just might be one of us. Are you?

Fuck cops, I'm a fucking rock star
Rebel and defiance makes my motherfucking cock hard
Fuck pigs, fuck guards, all some fucking retards
Fuck school, I'm a fuck up? Fuck Harvard
I ain't got no fucking money (hey mom)
I ain't got no motherfucking daddy, he ain't teach me shit
Child support ain't come, that faggot still ain't bought me anything
Fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right...)
They want us to go to they schools and be fucking miserable at they fucking college, studying that bullshit, fuck that. Do what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there? You

Fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

You hear that, nigga? That's cult shit right there, nigga. Wolf Gang! Fuck everybody else nigga! Stand for something, get money nigga! Wolf Gang in this bitch, nigga, we sixty deep. Fuck with me, nigga. Odd Future, nigga. Stand the fuck up! I'm not saying just to go out and do some stupid shit, commit crimes. What I'm trying to tell you is, do what the fuck you want. Stand for what the fuck you believe in, and don't let nobody tell you can't do what the fuck you want. I'm a fucking unicorn, and fuck anybody who say I'm not. Wolf Gang

Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go...

"You gotta let these shits go, man. It's not making sense to you right now but... all these little dreams you got, they're not shit. All this rebellion, all this crazy shit you got, saying this shit... getting too old for this shit, man, you gotta grow out of it. Growing up, your dreams are getting bigger. You gotta look at reality, understand that shit so you don't get caught. I'm just being real."
"Nigga, fuck you."
"I'm just trying to help you man, trust me."
"Look, I mature day after day nigga. You don't know shit, you're a fucking therapist."
"Whatever."
Part 1 - PartyIsntOver

Uhm, I said, the party isn't over
We could still dance, but I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with me
The party isn't over, we could still dance girl
But I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with a nigga
Like me, like me
Uhm, I said, the party isn't over
We could still dance, but I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with me
The party isn't over, we could still dance girl
But I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with a nigga
Like me, like me
Part 2 - Campfire

Yeah, uhm
All I needed was a stick, grab the marshmallows
Motherfuckers getting lynched and burned
I earned it, my Flog Gnaw badge is looking good
On this brand new jacket
The donuts on the flag waving over the cabin
Now grab them graham crackers and pass them over here
Hurry, quickly I need a piece of Hersheys
Darker than the corners of the bushes we be lurking
I centered the mellow over the graham
Heated it too long now, it's melting over my hand
Fuck it, I'll bite it, I burnt it, but I liked it
Camping with my niggas, its so fucking exciting

We're making smores by the campfire
Camp flog gnaw, golf wang summer

Sat by the fire
To witness gentle, but radical
Transformation ceased to be mindless
Create our own sweetness
At last growing the heart

Yo bring the bass back in
Yeah, hehe
Who ate all the fuckin chocolate?
Oh that's Domo fat ass, haha
Yeah
I ain't trying to go home, really
Part 3 - Bimmer

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
And you got a lot of drive, I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer
See your ignition, baby girl I'm trying to key up
And your head lights are off, I'm trying to see 'em
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
So let me start it up and smash

Pop some Tame Impala, your man got a lame Impala
(It'll get dark outside soon)
And I'm sharing Slurpees and you ain't even begin to swallow
You’re fucking nuts, green top we coupled up
Run my fingers through em as you wax and buff my muffler
Cause I fingered you, you think the fucking ring is coming up?
(Where the street lights trail, Oooooooo)
Maybe, I don’t know, I think you’re chill
(Ride for)
Riding on my pegs, and my back against your legs
And a seatbelt is needed if I get between 'em, yeah

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
And you got a lot of drive, I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer
See your ignition, baby girl I'm trying to key up
And your head lights are off, I'm trying to see 'em
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
So let me start it up and smash

Mmmm it’ll get dark outside, soon (My baby, ride for me)
Where the street lights trail (My baby, ride for me)
You ain’t gotta lie to kick it darling
It’s cool we’re moving slow

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
You got a lot of drive I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer, smash
You remind me of my bimmer

Where you been, man?
Oh, I had a drop off to make real quick. Hey, have you seen Salem?
Oh she with that new dude, Wolf, or, Darnell, whatever his name is
Fuck that nigga, man. Hey you know where they went?
I seen 'em going down by the lake
What the fuck!
You good man? You need some sherm? I got some
I got a can of these baked beans too
Can we talk on the phone or something
Because when I call (you on the phone)
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer

Hey Dad, it's me, um...
Oh, I'm Tyler, I think I'd be your son
Sorry, I called you the wrong name, see, my brain's splitting
"Dad" isn't your name, see "Faggot's" a little more fitting
Mom was only twenty when you ain't have any fucks to spare
You Nigerian fuck, now I'm stuck with this shitty facial hair
Also stuck with a beautiful home with a case of stairs
So you not being near fucking fire-started my damn career
But fuck it, I got Clancy, he gave me the chance to see
A world I wasn't supposed to, I'm stoked that I didn't know you
But sucks you ain't give a fuck and considered a sperm donor now
The fuck is an Okonma? I'm changing my shit to Haley
And I just ain't being passive, nigga
You a fucking faggot, nigga
Got a show on Monday, guess who ain't getting no passes, nigga?
But if I ever had the chance to ask this nigga
And call him...
I hope he answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone (Please pick up)
I'd like to talk to you
(I hope you answer)

Suck my fucking dick and swallow this case of nuts
Ace hates your guts, I'm a selfish fuck
And I ain't sharing green as if I'm facing blunts
Frank is out the closet, Hodgy's an alcoholic
Syd might be bipolar, but fuck it, I couldn't call it
Supposed to be gone til November but quickly came back in August
I left two months through September to clearly remember all this
I would like to tell my grandma, but she just nostalgia
I'll call her number
But she won't answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
'Cause when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone
(I'd like to talk to you)
I hope you answer

You claim to hate my fucking guts
But say I'm on a island in Thailand and I was wilding
And, if I got stranded had to man up and hold my nuts
And hope that I could live off salt water and fucking coconuts
Phone ain't got no service -- this 3G is fucking worthless
Day is getting dark like the area's turning urban
You'll be fucking nervous like me inside of a church is
But, I'mma get in contact regardless, and
I hope you answer

That last verse was about this girl. Ha ha
Don't kill a rose
Before it could bloom
Fly, baby, fly
Out the cocoon

You don't have to hide
I can smell it in your eyes
That there's something more to say, baby
Them words
Damn, run me back, yeah

If I could, if I could
If you could
Find the words to say
Find the words to say
Find the words
In the garden
Shed
Go

Don't kill a rose
Before it could bloom
Fly, baby, fly
Out the cocoon

Ayo
Garden shed, garden shed, garden shed, garden shed
For the garden
That is where I was hidin'
That was real love I was in
Ain't no reason to pretend
Garden shed, garden shed, garden shed
Garden shed for the garçons
Them feelings that I was guardin'
Heavy on my mind
All my friends lost
They couldn't read the signs
I didn't wanna talk and tell 'em my location
And they ain't wanna walk
Truth is, since a youth kid, thought it was a phase
Thought it'd be like the phrase; "poof," gone
But, it's still goin' on
Big fan of the beige tan
Polka dot nose, how it goes
Had to keep it on the subwoofer
A couple butterflies wanna float
But I was always like, "Eh"
Barely interested, but bagged just to brag to my boys like, "Bruh"
This is a crucial subject matter
Sensitive like cookin' batter
'Til the temperature that's risin'
Steppin' on that ladder, tryna
Grab the rings of Saturn, I'ma
Planet by the time you hear this
Shit and chatter 'bout the heat
It will not fuckin' matter
Went to Six Flags, six fags came up
And said "Ayo! Can we get a pic?" I said no
And they said "Oh! It's Wolf Gang, "Yonkers", Goblin is my shit though"
Now I'm like, "fuck, I don't want to be an asshole"
So I'm sitting there posing with Travis, Devon
With a fake smile like her titties was drawing it on
So fucking annoyed 'cause I missed Goliath
'Cause some kid said I was there, then they caused a riot
Now I'm surrounded by a 25 hound of fuckers tryna get a photo
All because they noticed the top with the box logo
And them fucking ears, guarantee they didn't even hear Bastard
They bandwagon-jumped me from a pogo
I'm going fucking loco, "Hey, Tyler, can I...?"
No, bitch, don't you see me tryna buy a fucking churro?
"But Tyler, you're my hero, I used to get bullied
Until I heard "Radicals," the last part got to me
See, I used to give a fuck until my cock would bleed
Now I'm the happiest I think I'll ever ever be
My life is just like yours, no father
My momma must have forgot to stop with a popped condom
In school I was the one that was thinking outside boxes
So everybody in them would say that I got problems
So when I heard you say it, I said it back like fuck 'em
You're an inspiration to niggas like me
Not the niggas who like you just 'cause of lyrics and beats
I'm talking 'bout the niggas who don't know where they're going to be
I heard the song "Bastard" right in the moment of heat
Not in summer, but of course, I was holding a heat
Gun on the edge of my feet, I heard that first piano chord
And it drew me in like predators carrying treats
Then I said to myself, "Fuck, is he speaking to me?"
See, me and you, we go together like snare and a beat
I mean snare and a kick drum, see my forearm?
I carved OF on it this morning with a glass shard
On my green mini ramp that I built in my backyard (that's weird)
That's hard, that scar from playing air guitar
When I see you play at the Roxy (uhh)
Tyler, I love you, wanna be just like you (alright)
I think about your face and I don't even fucking try to (no homo)
Wish I had a basement meant for me to hide you
We could play Xbox and listen to "In Search Of..." and eat donuts
Over conversating 'bout what church does
Come up with weird-ass videos with roach bugs
I'm straight edge too, so no drugs on this trip
And Raquel that bitch, you should've killed that bitch
You should've took me instead (uhh, that's weird)
See, if you can't have her then he shouldn't neither
And if I can't have you then she shouldn't either
No one should see you, but me in your t-shirt
I worship you until the fucking wrinkles on my knees hurt (what the fuck)
Odd Future, Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, Flog Gnaw, free Earl mobbing
I know it seems like I'm just slobbing on your knob
But I'm just a fan and I ain't losing my fucking noggin (yeah, you are)
I ain't got a job and I went out and bought Goblin about 5 times
'Cause (Thanks for the support) I love you man (alright)
I like tie-dyed tees or just plain white tees
I like pants that's cut, I like words like "fuck"
I got your pics on my wall with the mouth cut out
Now paper cuts on my balls because your dick's in my jaw (what the fuck)
And I hit you on Twitter about 10 minutes a day
And now I'm bitter 'cause you don't even reply with a "hey" (sorry)
And my boys think I'm gay 'cause I play "VCR"
In my car all alone speakers waking up neighbors..."
All right, my nigga, calm down, it's getting weird, take this pic
So I can get on Colossus, line as slow as molasses
(Tyler, listen) No, nigga, I see you're loving my shit
And I appreciate the fact that you would suck on my dick
But I'm not gay so it's awkward, now I'm grouchy like Oscar
After spilling some shit on his newest pair of beige Dockers
"Yonkers" and "Yonkers" (I love that song) Sick of hearing about "Yonkers"
I'm grateful that it worked, I attacked and I conquered
"Yeah whatever but I had a fucking blast at that concert
I was at the Boston one, I got a t-shirt from Sagan
The one that say "Sagan Lockhart" and when you came out to "Sandwitches"
That's when my fucking boy-crush got started"

Just take this fucking picture man, shit...
When you're having fun, fun
Time flies, time flies, time flies
When you're having fun (time flies)
Out the window (it goes, goes, goes)

Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Ah

Boredom got a new best friend
(Boredom, boredom, best friend)
Cause boredom got a new best friend (oh, oh, oh)
Boredom got a new best friend
Na-na-na, na-na-na, oh-na-na-na
Oh, oh, oh

Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
(Find some time, oh)

Boredom, boredom, boredom, boredom
Boredom, boredom, boredom, boredom
Boy, my bedroom floor is a cereal burial, I'm serious
I ate 'em all, dry boxes, bodies, yeah I caught 'em
If we're talkin' 'bout real meals, ask my stomach, he ain't saw 'em
I've been in this fuckin' room so long
My eyeballs are turning to drywall
My friends suck, fuck 'em, I'm over 'em
"Hi y'all, y'all ain't hit me all day
What the fuck is the problem? Is it me?
'Cause I'm not solved, I'm... bored."

Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
(Oh)

Bored and getting desperate as hell
(Desperate, using, texting, amusing)
Cellular not amusing and I hope someone will
Message me with some plans that are amusing as well
Cause I haven’t seen the exit of these walls since before this morning
Morning, morning, morning, morning
(Morning, ohh, what the fuck?)
Got some cars I can handle but nowhere for performance
My stomach angry and yellin', I need some food, I could order
But I hate eating solo
Need someone, we can loiter in parking lots
As sunsets at the border, yeah
Ringy dingy dong, I can't be alone
I been starting to feel like I don't know anyone
So now I'm staring at my ceiling fuckin' going
Like I have no idea where I'm going
Tick tock
(Damn, gotta get outta here)

Find some time
Find some time to do something
(Hey, can y'all help me right quick?)
Find some time
Find some time to do something
Find some time
Find some time to do something
(Oh)

Cause boredom got a new best friend
Boredom got a new best friend
Cause boredom got a new best friend
Tick tock

Find some time, find some time
Gotta find some time, find some time
Gonna find some, find some time
Gotta find some time, find some time
Gonna find some, find some time
Gotta find some time, find some time
Gonna find some, find some time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time

"Ride's over, we got some tickets to see s-"
Knock-knock, mothafuck it's me, Mr. Clusterfuck
What, when, where, how, like who gives a fuck
Golf Wang M-O-B, mopping niggas ante up
Ain't been this fucking sick since brain cancer ate my Granny up
Rest in peace or lie in it, life ain't got no light in it
Darker than that closet that nigga Frankie was hiding in
Open it, dope in it, Bobby where's my fucking pipe?
Dress my little dick as Ike, twenty says I hit your wife
This is life, truthfully I just want to fly some kites
Grab Salem and Slater and go around, riding bikes
Get some ice cream, Golf Wang Roscoe's for the night
To skate around and do annoying shit that older peeps despise
Nigga fuck it though, going hard as riga mo
Got a nigga dollars and a couple cracker kids at shows
Cracked a couple kids in the head with this cast
Had a blast out Europe, had a Swedish bitch licking toes
That's how it goes, designing clothes
Cats on everything, cats on everything
You think all this money will make a happy me?
But I'm 'bout as lonely as crackers that supermodels eat
Everybody's sparking but me, and I keep coughing
Can't keep calm in this spot's hot box and I'm getting nauseous
Hop in the car, ride to Saugus, and head straight to the office
Pissed off at Jasper because that's some faggot shit called "Pink Dolphin"
I roll here on a mean unicorn
Green hat, Vans, Golf top is the team uniform
Downing that Capri Sun, tighten my bandana up
Something like a lez, I'm forgetting my damn manners cause

I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy

When you're alone thoughts start coming in
Punching in that dark lock box and they start rummaging
Shit you've got to battle with, wishing they could skedaddle
But it makes your shadow say none, fun and grab the gun again
I needed to get out of the house
So I hit the Dead Sams, and we went biking it out
In a black hoodie, with an Arizona and a bag of Skittles
Just to see what all that fucking hype is about
Now everytime you see a roach you think of me, ay?
Cause everytime I see one I think what his parents would say
In court saying I ate him, I wasn't present that day
I was with Whitney smoking, sitting at the dock of the bay

I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy

Do you know how weird it is knowing I make a bunch of cheese
While my friends can't afford little pizzas from Little Caesars
And their whole goal is to roll up and smoke bowls
So I don't feel bad when they not eating
(But you still treating us, you punk bitch)
Wolf Haley got more methods than Pinkman
I'm never civil, fuck Lincoln, 'Preme out the bag it's no wrinkles
I'm okie dokie and loopy and booboo nana and caca
If you think I'm fucking koo-koo, try talking to my shrink then

"Hey..."
"Bitch."
"I'm right here."
"Yo, who's that..?"
"That's Salem, that's my girlfriend. You stay the fuck away from her alright?"

I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy
"So, you tell me that everything just isn't going well..?"
"Well, first off..."

My only problem is death
Fuck heaven, I ain't showing no religion respect
Brain damage, therapy's the only thing I regret
Talking to me is like a fucking body missing a neck
But, I'm surprised I ain't pop off my top off
Life is a bitch and my cock's soft, the Glock's cocked
My hands tremble, my finger slipped, the wall's red
Her life is fucked, she's sad now, her son is dead

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

When I was younger, I would smile a lot
I'm getting older, getting bolder, but a wiser top
Now I'm drunk driving, lap's full of Budweiser tops
Life is a movie and you're just a prop
They begged me to stop, but I listen like deaf drums
Love? I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some
My father called me to tell me he loved me—
I'd have a better chance of getting Taylor Swift to fuck me
Annoying and I'm ugly, most niggas wanna punch me
I'm surprised the fucking doctor even touched me
Feel like Humpty, you hoping that I'll fall? Fuck y'all
I'm Ace, I'm parentless, odd, kinda arrogant
Ignorant as fuck, offend people for the hell of it
Because I am the devil, fucker, get on my level
Doughnuts and keys and kick-flips, Supremes and markers
My life is Ms. Mon-unique Parker, but a little darker
I'll see you in a couple, OF

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

"Tyler, here's some water, man
You seem a little tense... how's Thebe?"

All because a nigga just don't give a fuck
Parents wanna blame me all because their kid is fucking up
But fuck that, you're a shitty parent, face it, suck it up
That's what you should've did before that nigga bust, huh
Feel like I missed my little brother growing up
Feel like my little brother missed his brother growing up
But this is Golf Wang, like he missed his family growing up
I got a little taller since the last time you seen me, bruh
Now I'm emo, so fuck it, I'm pouring up
But I never had a drink— (Sydney, Tyler's throwing up!)
My nigga Jasper said if I drink and get drunk enough
I won't feel the feelings I be feeling when I'm sobered up
But that's a fucking lie, why would he say that? I'm
As emotionally straight as Travis when he--(Tyler, calm down)
Don't look at me, I'm 6'5", about to fucking cry
About another guy, but this is Golf Wang, do or die
I finally had a family
Domo's in another state, and where the fuck is Riley?
Now you niggas wanna be nice because the labels wanna sign me
But before the co-signing and you fuckers couldn't find me?
Fuck that! I hope you die in a fiery death
One ear I got kids screaming, "O.F. is the best"
The other ear I got Tron Cat, asking where the bullets and the bombs at
So I can kill these levels of stress, shit
They say that I'm shock value
How about you hop off cock and turn volume down?
I haven't got around to telling my mom shit (why?)
Cause I don't know how to...(whoa)
All I want is her support, but no, it's the fights at home
When mommy cusses out cousin, some knifes get shown
Now she's really fuckin' pissed, so the knives get thrown
And hit her in her fucking neck, now her throat's all gone
Looking like a fucking monster from the Twilight Zone
Then they wonder why I stay at Travis' pad with a backpack
For the whole week, full of plastic-wrapped black tees
And deodorant like his house is my home
I could live with the same hat
And the same flat-screen TV watching Flapjack
And the same bacon and waffles on a nice Saturday
Where I skate with the same fucking friends that
Didn't give a fuck about fame or a name, oh
"Message from The GZA, oh, another one from Plain Pat"
Email full of emails, I never write back
Ain't kill myself yet, and I already want my life back

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems

One shot, two shots, one gun, two cops
I'm blowin' them flu shots, couldn't kill me with two top rockers
You're on the side of faggots and cock blockers
I'm on the side of bad-ass kids and the top notches
I'm Barney, dinosaur Harley of a human
Cause I'm shrooming with the bangers and the carneys
You niggas can't harm me cause y'all know that
We at the fuckin' Dirty like it's laundry (Tyler, calm down)
Nigga, get off me

(Calm down, man)
Fuck off me man, fuck (what's gotten into you?)
I don't know, it's like I'm a different person at times
Sometimes I'm fucking mad, sometimes I'm not (yeah, you...)
It's like I got a fucking voice in my head
Telling me to do all this fucked up shit, man (yeah, what's this?)
I don't fucking know, man (what's this person named then, Tyler, huh?)
He tells me to do this shit, that I don't wanna fucking do (what's his name?)
Tron Cat
Crack fucked up the world, and I wonder if they realized the damage
I mean, they come from an era who made a lot of money of that shit
I wonder if it fucked with their conscience
It fucked with me being out there, I couldn't stand it
I couldn't stand seeing people fucking themselves up like that on the shit
And that's where the money came from

48, 48, 48 states I get it in nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in nigga
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow
I can get it for the low
48, 48, 48 states I get it in nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in nigga
They call me Mr Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow
I can get it for the low
(Yeah, nigga)

Shit is getting warmer on that corner
Gotta watch out for them 5-0 foreigners
Your mother is a goner
I warned you before you supersized my fries with that dollar
You got a daughter, shit's getting harder
The only thing you wanna bunk her was your freedom
You can't afford to get caught up but you in too deep
And the seashore ain't saw ya
You got a mother, she don't support you
But you bought her a new house cause you love her
Growing up you barely had a roof
Now you got a couple and it doesn't have a roof
I guess you’re accustomed what you’re used to
So you bought two, nigga
They coming for you, nigga
Niggas be hating I'm doing them bitches
Like Susan and Karen be doing your pockets
And running the man and he's losing his fucking mind and it’s all an illusion
Who was alludin' all of this potent
I am the reason your family is using and shooting up, it’s my fault
You can blame me, motherfucker, for killing your aunties and uncles
The hustle and hunger, all I wanted was a cheeseburger
And a little chain, tuck, didn’t realize this game fucked up some lives
“Oh, how’s mine?” -- my conscience eats it up all the time
But other than that I’m fine, I got a little money in my pocket

48, 48, 48 states I get it in nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in nigga
They call me Mr Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow
I can get it for the low
48, 48, 48 states I get it in nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in nigga
They call me Mr Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow
I can get it for the low

Nigga, we broke as fuck
Homie got a chop shop I stole that truck
And I sold that dope
Motherfuckers hope this nigga go broke
But like my work I give no fucks, I’m sorry
She could have been a doctor, nigga, I’m sorry
Could have been an actor and won that Oscar, said, I'm sorry
I sold that soap and I killed black folk, I’m sorry
But I got a nice car, put my sister through school
While my momma all cool, I'm sorry
I'm in too deep and I can’t see the shore, I'm sorry

You get addicted to the flip, we used to call it
You get addicted to the flip, the transaction, the hustling
Even more than the money, it's just your job
You feel like it's your duty to be the man in between the man
And make this happen for that person, and to do this and do that
You become the go to guy forever and next thing you know you’re in too deep
Way too deep, scare the shit out of you
You wind up with so much work, that you'd be scared to death
It's important for us to realize man, we gotta get out of that, man
Dudes is buying choppers to shoot down people that look just like them
Dudes is buying guns to take down each other, nobody wins
Ya know what I mean?
I was 16 when we first laid eyes
Scrawny little fucker, yeah, I was that guy
And you was down for the weekend
I was down for the greetings
And you eyes the same color shit that Jasper be chiefing
Couple freckles on ya noses, roses made you blush
Gentleman I was like I wasn't tryna fuck
But it was my first offical date so I was stuck, like
It was past curfew, and we was at the Grove
And it was raining, and I had to be home
And then you grab my hand, talking about tryna get home safe or something
All I remember was your motherfucking face

I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

You gotta a nigga sprung, whenever I’m holding your hand and
Making eye contact I feel like the damn man
Cause even though I am and get round of applauses
I’m insecure and start to think that I do not stand chance
But, moments, wish that I can own it or lease it or clone it
Cause holding your fingertips is golden
I fucking love you, now treat my palms like a bowling ball and
Grip and keep holding on girl

I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

You got a nigga...Wait
Don't think this is going to work
Things got complicated and a couple feelings got hurt
I haven’t talked to you in a couple of days
I got too comfortable
And started to think that we was really a couple
But hey, (fuck you) at least there was time spent
But by the time you hear this you won't know what these rhymes meant
But when you realize, its awkward, your name still my password
So I’m always fucking reminded
You got a nigga sprung

You're my girlfriend.. you're my girl (whether you like it or not!)
You're my girl.. you're my girlfriend, you're my girl girlfriend
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girl (Shit I know that you're my)
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girlfriend
You're my girl.. oooo
You're my, you're my Girl
Ooooo girlfriend... girlfriend..
You're my girlfriend you're my girl girlfriend you're my girl
You're my girlfriend
Right now we got some new music only here on Golf Radio!
(God I love this sample)
We're going to dance
And exercise
And have some fun

I ain't got time for these niggas
Better throw a watch at the boy
Had my boys in this bitch, looking like a seminar
Who the fuck you talking to motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time for these bitches
Better throw a clock at these hoes
Have these hoes in this bitch looking for a waterhose
Who the fuck you talking to, motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time

Boy, I need a Kleenex
How I got this far? Boy, I can't believe it
That I got this car, so I take the scenic
Passenger a white boy, look like River Phoenix
First... happy birthday!
You bitch ass nigga, yup I'm thirsty
Them little shots that you threw, they ain't hurt me
I ain't fuck with you bitch ass in the first place

I ain't got time for these niggas
Better throw a watch at the boy
Had my boys in this bitch, looking like a seminar
Who the fuck you talking to motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time for these bitches
Better throw a clock at these hoes
Have these hoes in this bitch looking for a waterhose
Who the fuck you talking to, motherfucker?
Boy, I ain't got time

Nat Turner would be so proud of me
'Cause all these motherfuckers got they style from me
I bet they all looking from the crowd at me
And if I ask them, they would bow at me
But you're a house nigga, so you don't know
How that shit go, with my big lips and my big nose
And my big dick and my short hair
'Cause you already know how slow my shit grow

(Hey)
Tick tock
Tick tock
Tick tock
Tick tock

Been the man with a pickle plan, niggas know the dill
When I sell the carnival, I bet I get a 100 mil'
Next line will have 'em like "Whoa"
I've been kissing white boys since 2004
One me, two feet, three mmms
Four, five, six years ago sucked
Seven figure conversations with Converse finalized
'Cause Vans fucked up
I'ma read commas, you gon' leave comments
Saying what I shoulda did, but you ain't did nada
You ain't important
I'ma keep sporting
All smiles over here
Shout out to The Garden
(Tick tock)
(And that's a fact boy!)
And I just handle all my business like a chess board
(Tick tock, tick, tock)
And at them Golf boys?
That's my motherfucking set, boy
Hard pill to swallow like some thick soda
Walk weird 'cause my pockets look like thick Yoda
With a Skywalker, riding 'round solar
Anakin skin Sprite, and my tint cola
I'm getting neck from a broad like some big shoulders
Till I bust like that 9 in ya heat holster
Everything I say is hot, bitch I speak toaster
And the bread orthodox like I eat kosher
Shout out to (shhh) they gave a big loaf of
Green bread, got me chilling like a clean sofa
What's that thick odor?
Young Millie T
A young, focused black boy, oh silly me
(I ain't got time!)

Better talk shit
'Cause I'm either in my Cons or my Golf shit
Pants got a lil flood, nigga pipe down
I'm Lil Boosie, Lil Boosie, way I wipe down
(Boy I ain't got time!)
Yeah right now
'Cause niggas dying every day and I ain't light brown
And i-D ain't wanna give a nigga no post
So I went and did a 12-page spread in Vogue
(Nigga I ain't got time!)

Listen man, I'm that boy
All you little niggas clones
Boy I fill that void
You better kill that noise
Turn around and remap route
When they see that boy with them big ears and that gap tooth
Bitch
Tick, Tock
Tick, Tock
Tick, Tock
"Fuck... Hello"
I'm not crazy, I'm a fuck.. oh shit!
Floopy goober, motherfucker, floopy fuckin' goober
They ain't ready for what we 'bout to bring back!
They ain't ready for Tyler with the green hat!
They ain't ready for the Wang$ap, niggas!
Fuck is niggas talkin' 'bout, nigga?
We gon' die legends!

I hope you stackin', I hope you puttin' some money to the side
My nigga, and payin' your taxes (Yeah)
I hope you not incriminatin' you and your niggas
On songs if you're trappin', I hope you dressin' yourself
And not followin' niggas opinions on fashion
I hope them cars that you drivin' ain't rented
Just to get some comments on 'Gram
Oh shit, they are, because you not the man
Low self-esteem, hide it in lean (Yeah), Xan every meal
You fuckin' weak and you robbin' your plug? (Yeah)
You ain't got no plan, but I'm not here to judge
Cause apparently you're doin' your thing
(Talk your shit, Young Nigga!)
(Woo) I know they see me
Your pants got a flood, a little bit Katrina
Oh you wearin' Vans and Supreme this season?
Stop lyin' to yourself, nigga, me the reason
(Ahh! Right now nigga) Uh, right now
A little gooey with some nice sounds
This little groupie want the pipe now
Yeah, she eatin' coochie, kinda dyke now, uh
Got a new dirt bike, wow
And it match the go-kart, go SKRRT now (Talk your shit!)
I really want the La Ferrar', but shit...
Can't you lower the price down?

What the fuck right now? (Ayy, ayy)
What the fuck right now? (Ayy)
Right now, nigga! Right now, nigga!
Right now, nigga! Right now!

Cause I'm not one
When it come to a vision, they ain't got one
Rolling Stone never gave me a cover so...
Ummm... so I shot one!
I ain't do college, I said fuck them lessons
I ain't join no gang, I said fuck them weapons
Grabbed the keyboard, Clancy crossed my path
Cashed my first check and said fuck depression, nigga
Nigga what you scared for?
Everybody lean, everybody gang though
Nigga you a new slave, I'm an old one
Thanks to Ben Yang, still walk around with chains on, like
You ain't seen no shit like mine
You ain't seen no dick like mine
(Nah, pause)

What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now? (Right now!)
What the fuck right now? (Golf Wang, nigga!)
What the fuck right now? (A$AP Gang, nigga!)
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
(These niggas don't even understand! Goddamn, man!)

Tell you dickheads I'ma go nuts, niggas told me to grow up
So I matured to a V10, I'm in a vacant lot doin' donuts
(Skrrt, skrrt) There go my ego, Leggo my Eggo
Never sip syrup, shout my nigga Scooty
Y'all don't want beef, let us know he can eat that bread
Cause he pushin' that mayo, fuego
(OW!) Respect when you see him
Boy, last album was a musical museum
Somethin' always lost with you niggas like Liam
Neeson, boy, you better run (yeah!)
Here I come, snortin' glitter, portrait pictures
I don't run with many cause their walk is bitter
Niggas mad at T, where the tall freckled white boys at?
Cause I don't fuck with niggas
That's not my homie, that's not my woadies
That's not my team, nigga, they're benchwarmers
I am a stormer, I am a trooper
I am a Koopa, bring the losses now, you assume as I moved it
I run the business, I do not got time for niggas' opinions
They fuckin' stupid, don't need 'em, don't want 'em
I drop 'em, they're deadweight, them niggas useless
Neck heavy like mothafuckin' bad news
Thanks to Ben Baller, walkin' with a hunchback
I got a new white one that I worked hard for
So the doors on my car doin' jump jacks (riiiight)
My big bro Frankie got a Porsche (hanh?)
My little brother Taco got a Bimmer
If you see 'em around me, they eatin'
We all good, it's like FEMA, but of course

Get money, nigga! Get money!
All you funny lookin' niggas, back the fuck up!
Ayy, ayy, ayy, man

I wanted to add this
I sit in room with a to do list
Proceed to do and play acoustics, you
Sit around and look at me feelin' foolish
Rollin' up and make excuses, fuckin' losers

Fuck them niggas! Ayy man, ayy man!
Ayy I just got one mothafuckin' question
Why the fuck these niggas wanna look like me now?
Why the fuck these hoes wanna fuck a nigga like me now?
Why the fuck these niggas frontin' like niggas ain't been invented the swag they runnin' with?
Why the fuck is niggas actin' like niggas ain't the originators of this shit?
Man I tell these niggas they can die and suck a dick!
How was that? Cool?
Man, now they go (ayo)
I cut off some friends, where they go?
(Did this shit in one take, ayo)
I stick to the plan, that's the goal
(Ayy, we got that fire shit nigga)
Fuck these niggas man (run it)

Check my bankroll, ayo, 400K for vehicle
Paintjob look like ashy ankles on Django, interior look mango
Shotgun grape, he look like mayo
Golden voice on payroll, neck all gold like Kayo Corp
We aim at dorks, get out the way, yo
Keep them bucks in banks like Yayo
Swampy niggas out the bayou
Pockets flooded, y'all be dilute
Watered down, I'm Big Mac
I'm quarter pound, you chicken nugget
Fuck it, travel bag Balenciaga, 30,000 just for luggage
Financial advisor buggin', Flower Boy is buzzin'
Grammy-nominated, tell yo' cousin ain't nobody fuckin' with him

Man, now they go
I cut off some friends, where they go?
I stick to the plan, that's the goal
Fuck these niggas man, that's for sure

Uno the shoe, red with the blue
Look like a flag, what the fuck it do?
Golf be the set, no more OF
Like Ron Artest, bitch, we aim for your neck
Give a fuck about you or your respect
Yeah, that way, fuck your accolades
But I made the cut like I pack a blade
You could call me brush, I've been makin' waves
Since Ashley Banks' cousin had a fade
But that's '92, I'm '91
Watts Riot in my blood, nigga what's up
And that pussy pink like the drink in my cup
Lemonade, yeah it's Minute Maid
I been gettin' paid, pockets gainin' weight
Your bank statements on Mary Kate, but that's up to you

Man, now they go
(I ain't fuckin' with none of these niggas, man)
I cut off some friends, where they go?
(Yeah, give these niggas information nigga)
I stick to the plan, that's the goal
(Now we never fuckin' stop)
Fuck these (ayo) niggas man, that's for sure (ayo)

Tell Tim Chalamet to come get at me
Skin glowin', clear of acne
Diamonds see-through, so holographic
Red Ones look like Aidan Mackey
Spent dinero like Taxi Driver
Handmade is that thing with tires
But I rode the bike and Vill tail behind me
And he got the Cannon like he bagged Mariah
(Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew)
Yeah, we straight but if you wrinkle up the situation he will go grab the iron
And he do what I says like Simon
(No violence)
And my bitch mixed like jambalaya
Man, fuck with the fam, we in Japan
Bitch you’re a bum, see you don't understand
Yeah, I cut off some friends, "T where you been?"
Bitch I'm in Bel-Air, been lookin' for land
Need a spot in the hills, not the beach, need a pool
Just to cool it, I do need the grass, not the sand
Got enough rocks, see, check my hand
And I got crack, watch how I talk
And it's still Wolf Gang, bitch, watch how I bark
Wallace still trippin' on shit that I bought
But I really do not care the cost 'cause okra

Man, now they go
I cut off some friends
Oh I don't need the metronome bro
(Mumbling)
Wanna eat all the cheese in the store
In the the store, in the store, in the store, yeah, yeah yeah
Alright
(It's this girl)

She lives next door, to the store that I loiter at
We talk every night, she cry to me about her guy
And if we text I get pissed when I get no reply (It's this girl)
I know that she's the key to love
She is who I'm thinking of when I am beating Richard up
To mental images her face look
The closest that I got was when I'm poking her on Facebook (This girl)
Video chats are so exciting
Cause it's like she is inviting me to her world full of privacy
I'm getting gassed up, I think she's liking me
She's gullible and I just wanna take it like a pirate (It's this girl)
I see her in class
Not really, two doors down, but anytime that I pass
To take a piss in a stall, I picture us in the hall
Locking lips on the wall, her hand grabbing my dick
My left hand on her tits, ah my shit's getting hard
From thoughts of dating this bitch (It's this girl)
Her name is my passwords, fuck (This girl)

All my niggas got they bitches and stuff
But all the bitches they fuck, are known as bitches and sluts
But she's special, I know to y'all I come off as rough
But I'm the nicest to her, and I just want to concur
A relation, I want the cheesy dates at the movies
And stupid walks at the beach, and sharing straws in a cup
I never had that, so when we holding hands walking home
I look past that, the fact that she's fucking guys that I hate (This girl)
But, things are looking great, cut copy
Last time we talked she said that her relationship was rocky (Action)
Now that Mr. Fag is gone, there's no one that can stop me
From bagging her, I got these tickets to the Roxy (Girl)
Next day, metro's taking me home
I see her in the cut at Wendy's, but she's not alone
Who's that guy? Wait, why the fuck he 'bout to kiss her?
Come to find out she got back with her nigga
Damn, fuck (It's this girl)

She's so pretty
Fuck self-pity, I feel so shitty
I wanna text her in a jealous rage
But if she reply to say anything, I'ma smile, I know
What do I do with myself, sit in my room for some days
Play Xbox and piles full of wet socks? Fuck that (Girl)

My nigga ask, "Ace, what happened to such and such?"
I could slander her name, and then tell him I probably fucked
Or I could tell him the truth and just say she ain't like me much
But instead, I lie and say she moved to Nebraska

(It's this girl)
But she's not mine
Say some more, never want to talk about it
Feel a way, woah
Feel a way, woah
Feel a way, woah

Take me back to November
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the winter, cold water, cold water
Yeah, take me back to November, wassup
Can we go back to November?
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the winter, deep thoughts, deep thoughts
Naw, take me back to November, wassup

What if Clancy fuckin' me over?
What if 'Who Dat Boy' is rhetorical and this shit is over?
What if I'm hustling backwards?
What if my accountant ain't payin' my taxes?
Fillin' his pockets and IRS show up asking me questions
I couldn't answer 'cause I was too busy tryna make classics
Boy ain't got no motherfucking classics
What if my music too weird for the masses?
And I'm only known for tweets more than beats or
All my day ones turn to three, fours 'cause of track seven
Fuck, what if I get stuck?
What if I got comfortable? I gotta keep it buck fifty
What if I lost it all and ended up back in Ladera
At them shitty apartments that's across the Bank of America
Damn, I would be hurtin'
Writing all of these songs cause Wi-Fi wasn't working
Last year in total, I put out two verses
But five-seven figures since then, life's kinda perfect
Oh is it really? Oh is it really? Bitch you know the dealy
Really hilly willy tilly silly, hold that billy how I Milly Rock
When they can't relate him, when they start to hate him
They don't drive these cars so what's their ultimatum?
Tell me, what's your November? Is it a person?
Mine was the summer '06, I remember the... (horn)
What if I thought the brake was the gas? What if I crashed?
What if these deep thoughts was my last?
Let me pull over, quick!

And drive back to November
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the Winter, cold water, cold water
Yeah, take me back to November, wassup
Can we go back to November?
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the Winter, deep thoughts, deep thoughts
Naw, take me back to November, wassup

My November was those Odd Future Sundays, where we used to just skate all day
My November, and I was performing and Lil Wayne rapped with me, I think I cried that night
My November was awesome, I booked my first feature film
My November was when I was gifted this Getz and Gilberto album
My November was seeing Erykah Badu perform
My November was when my brother took me to first concert ever...
My November was summer 2015 when I fell in love with someone who fucked my whole world up, showed me life through a different
2014, Miami 43rd Street, every day was November

Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back
I ain't doin' fine, lost my mothafuckin' mind
Time travel back and help me find
Take me back, take me back to November, this I know
Take me back, take me back
Take me back, take me back to November, this I know
"My November is right now"

I wrote a song about you, I want your opinion
Opposite of my heart rate, it slows down at the ending
'Cause the love I got for you has exceeded appearance, the lyrics are
Matter of fact, I'ma just call you, so you can hear it
If you do answer, I'll play it to state facts
Although I already know the response you gon' say back
At that point I'll hang up, disappear and just stay back
And if you don't I'll leave a voicemail with the playback

Hello, no one is available to take your call
Please leave a message after the tone
*beep*
Ayo
Let's take it back to them days
Counting sheep on Sadie Hannah's floor
Carpet was my baby mama
80 dollar profit from the coffee I poured
Rent-A-Center calling everyday
Nobody home, they're knocking on the door
Now I skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, skrrt
In toys I only dreamed that I could afford
Now I roll through Okaga

I ride to California
These frog oval goggles
I'm leaning out the window
OJ shining on me
Simp sun shining on me
Slick circles roll float
Out this world
Yeah, yeah

Run it, run it, run it, run it
I rock, I roll, I bloom, I grow (I grow)
I rock, I roll (What you say?), I bloom, I grow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (Let 'em know), I bloom, I grow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (One more time), I bloom, I grow
(Let's go!)

Ain't nobody fucking with T, but that just may be my ego
But don't be too cool, you might freeze
Because niggas get stuck in the cold (Man, look at this ice)
Shit weighs a ton, water your garden my nigga and stunt
(Stunt on these niggas)
Tell these black kids they could be who they are
Dye your hair blue, shit, I'll do it too
Look, I smell like Chanel
I never mall grip with my manicured nails
I coconut oil the skin
I keep the top low 'cause the follicles thinnin'
But other than that, man, it feels like I'm winning
Went from statistic to millionaire
CNN doubted 'cause my skin is dark
Then they forget when I get in my car

These frog oval goggles
I'm leaning out the window
OJ shining on me
Simp sun shining on me
Slick wheels roll float
Out this world
Yeah, yeah
Run it, run it, run it, yeah

I glow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (What you say?), I bloom, I grow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (Let 'em know), I bloom, I grow (I glow)
I rock, I roll (One more time), I bloom, I-
(Let's go!)

Flower boy T, nigga that's me
Rooted from the bottom, bloomed into a tree
Took a little while, nigga making leaves
Keep 'em in the branches so my family can eat
Favorite color green, energy is strong
Giving niggas life like birdies and the beez
Dropping them seeds, not what you want
You don't know what I keep in the trunk.... tree

Ah, shit!

Run it, run it, run it, run it
Run it
Run it
Run it
Geek, fag, stupid loser, find a rope to hang
I'm not bipolar, see I'm just known by those couple names
I wanna tell my pops but shit, he'll probably say the same
Fuck...
Hated by everyone, that's the way it seems
I don't know what's shorter, his damn temper or my self esteem
I sit in my room and I listen to tunes, I'm amused alone
Cause none of the cool kids would let me join a team
Depression's on the stalk again
My best friend's an inhaler because it will not let me cough
Whenever I am losing oxygen, bully hand around my neck
Cause he felt disrespected when I decided to talk again
I brought that on myself, see I should know my place
But not at lunchtime, see I know better then to show my face
Around them, but the day I do it'll be everywhere
When I share these feelings finally they gon' fucking care

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Murder, murder, m-murder the last they heard of you
Was when I... "uh" with all them burners, you
Think that I'm some punk bully bitch who ain't gon' trouble you
Well, I'm gonna burst your bubble two times if you dont mind
Umm "Who are you again?" I'm Samuel and that's Tyler
We came to get wild and style in these trench coats!
Don't start asking what's packing in these trench coats!
Just know if you start acting, I'm grabbing for these trench coats!
My step-father called me a fag
I'll show him a fag, and I'll light a fire up in his ass
And recently them assholes been fucking with me in class
So I'ma keep them muhfuckers there and make sure they pass huh
My prom date, she dismissed my offer
So I'mma  her and toss her in the principal's office
(Tyler, I'll go with you)
Oh, now you wanna conversate with me try to be my friend? (Where are my parents at?-) Don't worry, you'll probably never see them again

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum. bum. bum. burumrumrumrum bum bum bum
Bum bum bumbumbumbum, hehe
We are the Sams, and we're dead -- it's just four of us
We come in peace, we mean no harm, and we're inglorious
We took their heads but we just took back what they took from us
I guess we lost ours

Music had nothing to do with my final decision
I just really wanted somebody to come pay me attention
But nobody would listen, but stuffed animals that I had
Since I was a kid but I'm growing up so they're missing
I didn't mean to hurt anybody, I'm sorry
I wouldn't hurt a fly or consider joining the Army
I'm hardly ever angry, Roger Rabbit framed me
Momma I'm the same fucking kid that you made, see?
I don't wanna go to jail, I just wanna go home
And I want them fucking kids at school to just leave me alone
And I... I hear helicopters make a dip
I'm fucking reloaded -- I told you all that I ain't taking shit
You better back up before this Mac start to lift up
I'll pump it like my inhaler when asthma begin to act up
The difference between us and our class is tan khakis
I got 99 problems and all of them's being happy
Got all the black bitches mad cause my main bitch vanilla
She tryna get her groove back like Stella, grab the umbrella
When it comes to your perception of my shit, I'm Helen Keller
When it comes to the perfection of my shit, I know you smell the
Rectum, I'm like a chromosome, I always X 'em
Like Wolverine stepson attacking a deadly weapon
I'm opening a church to sell coke and Led Zeppelin
And fuck Mary in her ass...
Yo, I'm fucking Goldilocks up in the forest
In the three bear house eating their mothafuckin' porridge
I tell her it's my house, give her a tour
In my basement, and keep that bitch locked up in my storage
Rape her and record it, then edit it with more shit
Octopussy special effect the wet bitches be banging
And please never disrespect my set
With Canons hanging from our necks like it's a mothafuckin' circus

You little niggas better (check my French)
You getting money? Better (check my French)
What time is it, huh? (Check my French)
If you got my shit you better check my French, motherfucker
I'm making moves, (check my French)
I speak English but (check my French)
Your ho be on my penis, she (check my French)
Bitch

I guess I left my dignity up in the cupboard
Cause every girl I'm digging, when I'm digging in her pussy
I'm never using a rubber
But fuck it, I guess I got to stretch it out like it was flubber
And leave it dripping green and red like double cheese burgers
Chewing on cum like bubble gum from Hubba
This bitch knew dick like Bubba knew shrimp, yeah
Yo, I'm seventeen, already sniffing blow
I tell my friends it's asthma every time I start to itch my throat
I got a new show for MTV, "Pimp My Boat"
Because some bitch said my semen was dirty, that silly ho
The most that they can do is fine me, I'm hiding
Somewhere where Chris Stokes can't find me
Oh no Mr. Stokes, I don't like misters, no
Don't tell R. Kelly where my little sister go

You little niggas better (check my French)
You getting money? Better (check my French)
What time is it, huh? (Check my French)
If you got my shit you better check my French, motherfucker
I'm making moves, (check my French)
I speak English but (check my French)
Your ho be on my penis, she (check my French)
Bitch

Yo, you little niggas better check my French
I got all stars and you can check my bench
Left Brain, Super 3, Creator Ace
Put expressions in their music and create the face
Of the picture, punchline, figured out, ahh I get you
No, you don't, nigga, so why don't you go and figure?
You seem confused anyway, pressured enough?
You the type to do the choke when the pressure is up
The pressure is the pump and the pressure is us
Bitches having eargasms and the pleasure is us
Niggas wanna be O.F. and write letters to us
Competition's competition, yo, you better than us?
Digest what I'm saying? I don't think so
We sick shit, throw it up down in the sink, yo
These Odd niggas are beginning to spill these pink flows
We think sorta odd, so we think so

Crusing in my go-kart at Walmart selling cupcakes
Go ahead admit it, faggot, this shit is tighter than butt rape
That involve Ballpark Franks and silver duct tape
Pornos and hormones and boxes of DiGiorno
You homos is loco, you're probably drinking Cuervo
With some vatos with the door closed watching Zorro
You homos

O.F., yes
(So, are you dating anyone right now? You know, or..)
No, I'm just playing the field, just for now
(Ah, so I'm guessing she's white, since she's 'vanilla'
Hahah)
Aww shit
Three icy ass niggas from Odd Future doin' some crazy shit
By the way, we do punch bitches

I'm swagging bitch, I'm iced out
Oh you mad bitch cause I'm laying on the couch
Smoke a blunt, fuck a bitch in the butt, I'm bossing
Don't give a fuck, I never roll Slauson
I'm fly bitch, I should poke you in your eye bitch
Got the burner bitch, bow, bow
You dead bitch, I'm hot as fuck
I ain't never cold, but I'm icy bitch

My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick

Got the bops in the house, socking bitches in they mouth
See my neck iced the fuck out (I'm getting money nigga)
At the fucking mall, 40 bitches on my nutsack
I pulled up on a mothafuckin' unicorn (I'm getting ponies nigga)
Wolf Gang nigga scream that 'til they mothafuckin' show me death
Golf Wang nigga, free Earl better show some motherfuckin' respect
All this ice around my neck, all this ice around my dick
Gun to her head make your bitch massage my shoulders

My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick

Shut up bitch, suck my dick (Suck my nuts)
You fuckin' bop, you better swallow it
I got a chain with a fuckin' platinum plaque on it
Is that a hundred dollar bill? I'll shit on it
I bought a fuckin' whale, cause I'm ballin'
Your bitch work for me, she my dick washer
Swag on my dick, 30 thousand million, nigga

My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick
My bitch suck dick like she suck dick

You boppin' bitch (Question mark) You like this dick?
We all know why, cause you's a boppin' bitch
I got the burner, I pop you in your lip
Zoom-zoom, yeah, I'm going fast bitch
I'm loud as fuck, I'm ignorant
Punch a bitch in her mouth just for talkin' shit
You lurkin' bitch? Well, I see that shit
Once again I gotta punch a bitch in her shit
I'm icy bitch, don't look at my wrist
Because if you do, I might blind you bitch
Mount Everest ain't fuckin' with my fuckin' wrist
Fuck global warming, this the Ice Age bitch

Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Yo, yo. Jasper. Taco. Y'all my niggas, man
I love y'all niggas. I'm sorry. (Gunshot)
(Ow! What the fuck?!)
Da na na na na, da na na na na
Da na na na na, my baby
You've been on my mind (How ya feel?)
I'm losing my mind because
I hope that we can be more than just friends

Fireworks, I feel like glitter
And every time you come around, I feel like glitter (How ya feel?)
You're the one that I needed in my life (How ya feel?)
You're the one that I needed in my life

Ayo, mirror mirror on the wall, who the brightest of them all?
I never been the darkest one 'cause my self esteem is tall
So I never seen eye-to-eye with y'all niggas, ayo
Uno peso, never paid attention to what niggas gotta say-o
So I keep that buck, I ain't give no fuck
They ain't build me up so I block 'em like Lego
Feelin' glitter, feelin' good and great
Got the burner, got the heat, like wait
Got the shit, it's all up on that hip
I'll use it on myself on the day you dip
Got that 4, 5, 7, track 8 for me
Baby doll, I hope you agree
Because you light my

Fireworks, I feel like glitter
And every time you come around, I feel like glitter
(How you feel?) You're the one that I needed in my life
(How you feel?) You're the one that I needed in my life
'Cause I love having you around (I love)
'Cause I love having you around

Yeah, look at my face, look at that joy
This is one sided, yeah, I can't lie
We ain't gon' work out, we a fat boy
Yeah, sumo, got it, memo
Your pale skin see-through, must be a window
'Cause you ain't an L, could be a DJ
'Cause when I see you my heart beat changes tempo
Yeah, simple, that's what I want but I can't
That's who you are but I ain't (how ya feel?)
We can track 10 skiptrace, I'm caught in your quicksand, wait
Please don't save me

Ooooh
(Please don't save me, yeah)
How ya feel?
(Rose tinted cheeks)
How ya feel?
How ya feel?
How ya feel?
How ya feel?
How ya feel?
(Scum Fuck Flower Boy)
How ya feel?
(Scum Fuck Flower Boy)
How ya feel?
(Scum Fuck Flower Boy)
How ya feel?
How ya feel?

We didn't get your message, either because you were not speaking or because of a bad connection
Fuck
Left Brain, Wolf Haley
Golf Wang, Free Earl, uh

Goddamn I love women
Daydream about penis being in 'em
Meet them with a big grin with a Mac-10
Rope, katana, and then I skin 'em
All beige suit made out of white women
With the red lipstick, dancing to John Lennon
With the red splattered jeans made out of blue denim
They can catch me in the spot where the sun don’t shine
Bitch don’t mind me, shake your hiney
The only motherfucking Wolf here that spit venom
You’re a bad bitch with a real good kitten
And I got the appetite of them fat black women
Wolf Gang in this bitch with a bunch of rats with 'em
Lookin' like the holocaust with Supreme hats with 'em
I am tryna get Miss Piggy by the motherfucking hairs of her chinny chin chin
Umm, what’s that? The cock of a black dude
Mad cause his daughter got the swag of a vacuum (aww, fuck it)
I’ll take her to the back room dungeon, fighting and punching
And now the slut is under the fucking assumption
That I will be fucking and munching her muffin
Cunt will be bleeding, but that’s not from the time signature of the month, umm

(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

Goddamn I love bitches
Especially when they only suck dick and wash dishes
Cook and clean and grant my wishes
And make me and the Wolf Gang sandwitches
Transylvania crypt let's take a, tour
Bitch try getting through that black trap, door
Keep yelling and working them vocal chords
And that’ll be more of a reason that you'll get slapped up, for
Is that Ford trunk's comfy? (Fuck you!)
Fuck me? No, fuck Buffy
That little bitch keeps trying to hunt me
Jumping over gates, what the fuck she want from me?
She keeps sending me garlic
How many times I gotta tell her I’m allergic
(I like your cape) Oh this Bathing Ape cape?
Bitch, I got it for a bargain at the neighborhood Target
Fangs are sharp and I hope you know
That all I really want from you is that throat
I can’t eat pussy cause I might leave cuts
Then there’s blood on my sheets, but that might be a plus
On the channel, a fucking animal, leaking like pairs of candles
Bitch, is it hard to handle?
I don’t want a bride, I just want bone marrow

(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

Bite her in her fucking neck, bite her in her fucking neck
Bottom of the fucking lake, bottom of the fucking lake
Call my gang of wolves and bats, call my gang of wolves and bats
It’s a full moon tonight, and these hoes ain’t acting right
It’s because I’m Dracula bitch, (swag, swag, swag)
It's because; Left Brain, Wolf Haley, Free Earl, Golf Wang...
How many cars can I buy 'til I run out of drive?
How much drive can I have 'til I run out of road?
How much road can they pave 'til I run out of land?
How much land can there be until I run in the ocean?
You niggas go with the motions and all the plans
Sea I was never into the beaches and all the sands
See, I was in the woods with flowers, rainbows and posies
Falling outta my pocket, but ya'll want to know if I swam to cool down
How much cooler can I get until I run out of fans?
How many fans can I have until they turn on the AC?
If the AC blows, well then I'm TNT, I'm gone

I'm gone and I'm finished
And I ain't seen my friends in a minute
Guessing nothing lasts forever
Yeah, nothing lasts forever
Nothing sticks together
Sick of sitting in doubt
Please let me figure this out

Shout out to the girls that I lead on
For occasional head and always keeping my bed warm
And trying their hardest to keep my head on straight
And keeping me up enough 'til I had thought I was airborne
How many raps can I write 'til I get me a chain?
How many chains can I wear 'til I'm considered a slave?
How many slaves can it be 'til Nat Turner arise?
How many riots can it be 'til them Black lives matter?
Niggas click clack splatter, pew, pew that nigga
Life a game of basketball, you better shoot that nigga
'Cause if that cop got trigger, he better pull
'Cause when I get pulled over, I usually play it cool
'Cause I know what I'm driving is usually paid in full
And my ego and possessions, will not let me be one
Because I got a mansion, my mansion got some rooms
Them rooms got some windows and my windows got some views
Them views get some stares and my backyard does too
And if you walk to the bottom you'll prolly see a pool
You better not drown, keep them ten toes up
'Cause if those ten toes down, that mean that you fucked up
And that's what I swim in

And if I drown and don't come back
Who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
And if I crash and don't come back
Who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
And if I fall and don't come back
Who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
I'm wondering if I don't come back
Maybe then I'll know
"Tyler, you... obviously have some fucking problems...
And, this is... this is the end of this session, let's... anything else you've gotta say?"

Mom is getting jealous, I see my manager more
Than I see her before I go on tour and it hurts
I miss the days when this was fun, but now it turned into work
And getting legal, so I got to watch the shit that I blurt out (As you should, that shit's outrageous...)
My friends are turning into opposites
Because my life is turning into opposite of sloppy wrist
And all the bitches who forgot about me want to ride my dick
Harder than the white kids who copy shit
Ending it is all I fucking think about, that's the shit I think about
All alone, bawling 'til my motherfucking eyes bleed
See, he's a leader in person and smile, shit gets disgursting
When there's no person around, talking discussion shit, man, fuck
(I'm here to talk to you) I'm putting myself at a distance
For instance, my best friend is now my fucking assistant (Who, Travis?)
Niggas saying "Free Earl" without even knowin' him
See, they're missing a new album, I'm missing my only friend

You have everyone around you, with... thirty names a day?
I don't see what it is? I mean, you--not like you don't have anyone to talk to...
I'm here for you, I'm your friend
When I say Odd, y'all say Future
Odd... Uh-uh, nah, that shit's corny as fuck, fuck!
Tyler, you're doin' good. You have a cult following, you're-
To these white kids?
Oh, my gosh

Charbroiled nigga on these dark beats
Nauseous with the Nazi but it's normal what the cops see
Awesome at his concert, but he never had a pop, see
Mommy was a living single queen with a lat ti
So while my wallets piling with symbolic colored paper
I lace her, cause she gave me such a lot at such a young age
20, why didn't she get that abortion?
Probably cause that motherfuckin embryo was morphing
Into a Grammy-winning schizophrenic fucking orphan
Oops, I mean bastard, skinny-ass disaster
Mom works hard, still working on her masters
Son lies about taking classes at community college
Just to record some bullshit he calls Bastard
Start a fuckin cult, clash his talents in a brash way
Before he even had a mustache and cash
And all I got was a fucking shitty article in Thrasher

"Alright, just calm down"
"That ain’t shit, man"
"Now don’t, don’t, don’t make yourself seem guilty. That, that article was great"
"No, fuck that, nigga"
"You're beating yourself up and your living the fucking life right now, kid! When I was your age, I would have loved to be fucking doing the things that you're doing right now"
"Fuck that… fuck all this shit"
"You, you, you act like I’m not here"
"You're not"
"I'm exactly who you’re supposed to be talking to"
"You don’t fucking help me with shit
You don’t help me with shit, fuck!"
"Yeah, you get... that, that—who wouldn’t do that?"
"Fuck you! Fuck you!"
"Who wouldn’t, who wouldn't shoot their friend?"
"Old fucking fuck!"
"That’s fine, it’s not your fault"
"I killed my fucking friends... fuck!"
"I’m gonna need security in here, and, uh…"
"Fuck! I didn't fucking sign up for this shit!
I'm, I'm not fucking crazy—I'm a fucking table! I'm a fucking table!"
"Yes, come quick. He’s losing it"
"No, fuck this shit!"
"Tyler, calm down"

I'mma grab the Nina (No!) and find a nice arena
Cause I can’t even choose between Ortega or Sabrina (Get security in here.)
And I’m not even human, I’m a body shaped demon
With some semen in my sack and some problems in the back (Calm the fuck down!)
And a life that’s fill with crap, and a finger filled with hate
And a gat that’s filled with love, now let opposites attract
I can finally be one (No!) like a marriage in a church
But this marriage has a hearse and the parents of the one
That’s getting married has a curse and it’s made up inside of him
Too late to reimburse but, wait, it gets worse!
All the guests that’s in the church all decided to disperse (Tyler...)
So there was nobody who could stop the wedding with converse (You don't want to do this...)
So they tied the knot, now it’s too late to reverse
This arrangement (Yes, it is) and the nurse is amazed
At the hurt that he was painting (Calm the fuck down!)
But it was obvious in all the photos he was paining
Now a bunch of whispering immerse

"Yeah, he's right there. Security's right there."
"Shit! No, get away from me."
"Get him."
And then the nurse blurts
("Come here.")
"What the fuck is his problem? Here, we have two doses to give him, here"
Why didn’t anybody ask him first?
("Get on the ground!") "Hold him down."
"I’ve been asking you this whole time, Tyler..."
"Get the fuck away from me! Get away from me!" ("Come here, motherfucker!")
Because nobody gave a fuck
"Get the fuck off of me..."
Someone gave a fuck Tyler
And, uh... the person that gave a fuck was me
See, you’re not, going crazy... it’s me. I’m your best friend, Tyler
I know everything, I know everything about you
You’ve been helping yourself this whole time. Your friends? They’re just figments of your imagination
Dr. TC... See Tyler, I’m your conscience
I’m Tron Cat, I’m Ace, I’m Wolf Haley, I’m... (Me)
Tyler we ah, I know it's short notice but I brought all your friends here
For some reason I couldn't get a hold of Taco and Jasper
But, I just brought all your friends to talk to you
Because, they're really worried about you
I thought it would be better if, they could talk to you

It was all a dream, I used to read Complex magazines
When I rhyme I'm tryna get pictures in High Times
Smoke trees and see my dreams hanging in the sky line
Swanton bomb off the bed into a fine dime
In my mind I'm just tryna smoke the finest
And get high sticking bad heinas in vaginas
I'm the flyest when it come to this, fire when I come to spit
I am getting higher when the lighter comes in front of this
I'm a stoner yeah, yeah, yeah you get the picture now
30 thousand feet gon' make it hard for me to simmer down
Another flight, another beat, another city, wow
Thus another couple bitches crying when I kick 'em out
Where we at? We on top of the world

And five minutes from suicide, I biked it to the park
I walked onto the block, met a guy, burgundy 'Preme snap-back
Hurling himself at cars, and flirting with blonde Cadillacs
All was gray, all was gray, Frankie had the blues in fact
Bunch of pale hipster girls, pretty, but they booty flat
Teenage males, couldn't tell I was going through it
Had a wallet full of cream, Amex Green, Beamer almost black
Parked in front the studio Bastard's recorded at
Earl, Gilbert, Tyler, Hodgy, Domo, Left, Taco, Nakel
Sydney, Lionel, Juan, Michael, Jasper, Hal and Matt
Bet I'm missing several but I had to bring that pattern back
We live inside a house that says fuck 'em on the welcome mat
Deep inside the ear canals of Bill O'Reilly's daughter that's
Where I'm at? Now where we at? Wolf Gang, where we at?

Swell motions get promotions, to my whole team
Hell yeah I smoke weed cause I like to go green
Professor Beats educates niggas, let me proceed
Shine chandelier bright might make your nose bleeds
We at Randy's ordering that 306
Milk and glaze is the greed gold mix me
Your bitch is coming along, yeah she hum to my song
Singing like they were for her, but they were for the blur
No longer, but we were in premature, immature
She's unsure, I'm for sure, blouse and dress and my shirt
On the floor then pick it up, out the door, door
Chased, an imaginary friend, a reverie absorption
Impregnate the dream 'til it has an abortion
Where we at? We on top of the world

Everything they say I'd never have, I'm seeing
Now, I bet they see that we balling like All-Star Weekend
Always been the most cool, they chase our shade
They say life switches pace when you got shit made
So I'm just tryna get paid, don't you remember the days
When your dreams were the only thing that kept you sane
And too often they think that they could stop me
Now every show we makin' half a Maserati
And the only thing blocking me is paparazzi
Now it's gold Rolex's if they try to clock me
Everything stays in the box like fighters in hockey
Miss me if you're thinking we slack, work hard
I got the world saying every single Friday is black
Took your bitch, you ain't getting her back, cause she know
Where we at nigga? We on top of the world

Where we at, niggas?
Where the fuck we at, man? You niggas don't know me, huh
Where we at?

Down to fucking Earth, huh, down to fucking Earth, huh
Fuck everybody, here goes some extra girth Sir
You fucking critics are making my nerves hurt
Since I'm saying fuck everybody I guess that I'm a fucking pervert
My window is a book and I'm a fucking crook
Stealing phones to call home but the line is off the hook
My mom ain't paid the bill, guess I can't pay it either
I ain't signed a fucking deal yet
But when I do Clancy and Dave are taking percentages
That could pay the whole fucking city's mortgage
Hopefully I make a lot of porridge from touring in fucking Oregon
From playing piano organs and hopefully I can pay the bill
Shit is getting real, people begin to feel
Like I'm changing, but their complaining making big fucking deals
About some shit, they bitch and pout
(Can we get backstage man?) No, faggot, it's sold out
(Come on why you holding out, I though we was boys, without me
You wouldn't be Tyler the Creator, you're from the Dirty
I can tell whenever you perform, a leopard can't change it's spots)
But I'm a fucking unicorn (Whatever man)
Look, you can't stop me, I'm going full monty
Fuck that, I'm Hitler, everyone's a fucking Nazi
Wolf Gi-di-dang you be roaming where the fox be
And I be where, anybody cares
I try to preach "Fuck age, live dreams and have fun"
(Here’s some give a fuck, cake) Oh, maybe I should have some
(Asshole, have none) How can I wake up on the wrong side
Of the bed, when I don't even fucking have one?
When I'm on that stage I feel important
A whole fucking assortment of children that's taking Ritalin
Because the teacher said that the therapist wasn't feeling him
You gotta be fucking kidding me
At school I was a zero, now I'm every boy's hero and they fear it
You can hear it when that little fuck is reciting my lyrics, yeah I'm rebel nigga
Cheer it, dead parents everywhere, it's smelling like teen spirit
Okay, fuck it, Elvis has left the building
I'd tell him to eat a dick quicker than Mexicans sprint over borders
I give a fuck like a quarter with 20 cent
At Hamptons with Fred Hampton relaxing at Happy Camper
It's the fucking financial aid at Hamptons wasn't relaxing
I'm taxing, "Fuck 'em all!"'s what I'm chanting
Don't complain I'm just ranting
Fuck ranking, I'm the best, I'm the champion's chariot
I'm a liar like Carrey in Liar Liar
I'm dirtier than the sheets in the Marriott
Cable guy like Larry, Peter Pan in my youth, fucking fairies
I'm using my tooth bait to get that bitches teeth paste
Fuck it, Odd Future some Nazis, black Nazis don't copy
We perfect, you sloppy, hotter than Saki Takei
Fuck a label on my jacket, screw you like a ratchet
Screw you like a black teen on Judge Hatchett
Hang with thrashers and jackers
Drug dealers and crackers, AP students and slackers
I'm backwards like Jermaine Dupri in '93
Escaping from concentration camps with a fucking girl board and a ramp
That I ordered from CCS with some diamonds that's VVS
Like I went to Sierra Leone in a homecoming dress
With some matching pink panties, lipstick from my granny
Sup on my hat like that motherfucker friendly
White, red-headed bitch reminded me of Annie
She dino like my state of mind, so yeah she understand me
Fuck You Bunch is here, never disrespect my family
That’s for my little brother, sister, cousin and my auntie
Wasted fucking youth? All you old niggas antiques
We go skate, rape sluts and eat donuts from Randy
Bitches like Tia Landry watching Billy and Mandy
Motherfuckers wanna be Odd but you can't be
Sit the fuck down all you old niggas stand me, faggot
I guess I got to be a fucking hand-me-down rapper
From Los Angee area anytime I'm fucking landing
Fuck 2DopeBoyz and NahRight, shout out to Hype Trak
Them motherfuckers could never get rid of me
Guess I gotta do a fucking song with Dom Kennedy
Get these fucking hip hop bloggers to start feeling me
Because I'm seventeen, compose my own beats
Lyrically I'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
Maybe I should buy some Hundreds, wear some fucking skinny jeans
And follow in your footsteps like a motherfucking millipede
Centipede, make songs about Gucci and ciggaweed
Jerk with my freshmen like it's some motherfucking little league
No, I'm not no fucking hipster, mister
No, I'm not no fucking Kid Cudi, all my fucking fans love me
Collaboration hits for fans screaming fuck buddies, yo, yo
I'm driving in a stolen truck, and I'm probably fucking drunk
Wasted as fuck, can't walk it out, DJ Unk (uh!)
My nose is filled with coke and my license is revoked
(Shut the fuck up!) Who the fuck told me not to spoke?
Fuck everybody here, everybody vanished, I'm managed
Hop off my dick and make a fucking sandwich
Everybody listening can suck my dick in Spanish
Fuck you, faggot (fucking bastard)

Yeah, um, as you can probably tell from listening to this record
I was, I was probably angry, probably on my period
But um, I didn’t mean to offend anyone
Alright, I'm lying
OF
You are a whore, you are a whore
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck him
Fuck everything else I can see
I know, fuck you I hate you so fucking much
I know you think I'm crazy
Cause I think you’re a fucking fag

"Sam, the music sounds good, man! You've been practicing?"
"Thanks"
"Sam, this is Wolf. He's new here."
"Sup, dude"
"Wolf, this is Sam. Sam and his band have been here at Flog Gnaw for a while. Sam's gonna show you around while I fill out these last minute field trip slips, alright? Now you guys have fun"
"So, you guys are into jazz?"
"Look. Wolf, Prairie Dog, Ronzell—whatever the fuck your name is. We don't fuck with you or anybody else here, alright? You stay the fuck out of our way and we'll stay out of yours, capisce?"
Part 1 - Fish

Slip it in her drink, and in the blink of an eye
I can make a white girl look chink
Don't know what to think, 'cause last time I attempted this shit
The judge ordered me to see a shrink
Started with the link
Contended her to meet me at the local
Odd Future Wolf Gang skating rink
We was uniquely in sync
Already fucking and we only met last week
We were both young, not yet antique
So her mindset was working for my technique
Tell her that I love her and by next week
You can hear her shriek from the gashes in her cheeks
No, I'm not a freak, I am meekly a creep
The neighbors by the creek says my house stinks
And it reeks on the sheet, girl
Streaks of red, even though all pussy is pink
Oblivion makes obvious seeks
Which make meats for my obvious feasts
Used to just blot up thoughts, plot, and rethink
Now I get daughters and tie 'em and clink
Got my dick harder than iron and zinc
Now they just rot up, arms caught in the sink
Where they get cut up to fit my physique
Critique my chic in this brand new mink
Go

Yeah, Wolf Gang
Wolf Haley
All good?
Cool.  We cool?

Bitches running 'round, down pussy take a trip
Make her strip, got my dick harder than the unzip
Tyler swiftly slips his dick inside of Taylor Swift's slit
Round trip in that pussy, here comes a ticket
Film clips popping on that Canon
Busting Ottoman cannons, on the pill
Is he real? Gaza stripping in my living room
Wolf Gang full moon, I'm assuming mushrooms
I'm a necrolampoon, not of Charles Mansoon
This fuck is ending soon because I'm ejaculating

(Frankie, Frankie)
Now I'd like to take this time of day
To thank the Mother Earth
(Thank you Momma, thank you Momma)
Letting the sun shine down on the lake
While I fish your waters
Ooh, hide your daughters, hide your sisters
Hell, hide grandmama too (Grand, yeah)
'Cause the fisherman's raping everybody in the pool
He on the loose, yeah

Got to wash it down, all this gold is fucking bait
Wait 'til you see the semen swimming
Baby, please not half, the whole is great
Morals? Your body's near that coral reef
It was once upon a time you came home with me
Then the next chapter left you in my teeth
Fill your gills with goo
Going deeper than Pacific Ocean
This specific motion
Makes this hammerhead puke
Got to wear a wetsuit, can’t get seasick
I love when you're in fishnets, you want me to eat you
You’re fucking wet, fish
Part 2 - Boppin' Bitch

So I met this girl at the club
And I just wanted her to suck my dick
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she's drunk and talkin' to me a lot
Until we go to another room
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)

This little slut whore sucks cock for a little more bucks
Than them other sluts fuck for, real easy
Cause I didn't even knock on the front door, sleazy
I used the welcome mat as a cum rag
And all the Wolves fucked too, yeah she’s a cum bag
Filled with a bunch of shit I purchased at a drug store
Four more Dora-looking sluts let me explore
Until my cock got sore and started growing cold sores

Now she thinks that I like her
But all I really wanted was that mouth
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she text messages me every day
And I don't ever hit that bitch back
And that's because (She's a boppin' bitch)

This little hoodrat started jockin at my jock strap
Until my uncircumcised penis finally unwrapped
Flapping up and down until the cack finally go splat
Now you gotta spat, spit it out until you do scat
Then you gotta sat and shit it out, bitch, fuck your feelings
You wasn’t feeling shit when you was down there kneeling
Now shut the fuck up you got another dick to deal with

Now why can't we fuck with this bitch? (She's boppin')
Wait, tell him why we can’t fuck with this bitch? (That bitch she boppin')
What is she? She a BB, what does that stand for? (She boppin')
She, what do she be doin'? (She boppin')

Now I'm at a fuckin' clinic
Cause my dick is swollen' and keeps itchin'
Nigga, I'mma kill this bitch (She's a boppin' bitch)

Where's my gun? I'mma kill this bitch
To all my niggas out there listening, that bitch (She's boppin')
And don't let her suck your dick or you'll get hurt
Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D (Star Trak)
Made a couple thousands turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

Me? I'm from the slums, niggers who push a ton
Ton of drums with foul flow, dirty mouth like kissing bums
Mama done made her one, um, a witty son
With no respect for women, so show me your titties hun
(What?) You eighteen? Me? I'm twenty-somethin'
Okay I'm twenty, but I'm soon to be twenty-one
I wild out at shows, break shit, it should be fun
Venues are like pussy with me, "Should he come?"
I'mma wax that, like the Chapstick in my backpack for my black lips
Then dip to Europe and come back with a stack of cheese
A stack of cheese for these rats, that Mac and Cheese
New 'Preme shit got me feeling flyer than a bag of bees
Fuck critics ("How's your dick?") Shit, how's your knees?
Y'all on my dick more than my index when I take a pee
I came up with ''Rella'', ain't touch a bag of weed
Shit was doper than Whitney Houston's needs
Golf Wang, that's the team to be, ay
Getting T.U., O.F., indeed
We was missing Sweatshirt, like "Where's the hooded sleeve?"
Okay, nevermind, we found him, yeah

Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousands turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

Guess I win, checks started cashing in
I stop rapping and start asking where my fucking passion is
Probably where that faggot went (Who?)
Tyler talking father problems
Shocking shit he spit to popping topics in them gossip columns
I ain't ask for this, I did it out of boredom
Thought that roach was cool, he died and pushed me into stardom
Now; Ye's, PJs, sipping leche
Chips Ahoy, boy
Listening to Cowboy, ay!
Boy, land in Melbourne and skate to Fitzroy, ay!
AUS was awes', I enjoyed, boy
Y'all niggas played as a tot's toy
Have a good day as I annoy, oi

Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousands turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

Canons with panorama views
My shoes that seen more Vans than Mexicanas
Or crackers in Alabama
G-O-to-the-L-F, this O.F
I opened up a store so I don't stress
But nigga, I (What) mosh in gardens
Jazz punk shit, playing chords, making up shit
Pardon my Dolly Partons
And I keep shartin'
Hoodies with rectangles and different colors
Niggas think I started kindergarten

My bitch is on my handle bars
(I just wanna ride my bike)
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars
Hair blowing in the wind
Her freckles look like candy bars
Hair blowing in the wind
My bitch is on my handle bars
(I just wanna ride my bike)
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars
Hair blowing in the wind
Her freckles look like candy bars
My cool summer never ends
(Bars, bars)
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater

Oh my God, seriously?
Mister cool guy
You're talking to a fucking bike, loser
Ha ha, Ohh... Fuck
So, what's going on, Wolf? Talk to me, man. People worry, we hear stories about you getting into fights and all this unnecessary bullshit. What's on your mind? Talk to me, I'm here

Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Momma got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name (rest in peace)
Too soon

My nigga Slater, yeah that's my little pony
Little homies is repping like I been fucking with Kony
Nigga Phillip and Kobi, to my niggas that know me
Ya boy seem happy as fuck but truthfully ya boy lonely
Nigga's a target for marketing, he's an artist
Can't even walk into Target without botherin customers botherin
Asking me for a picture, can I talk to they sister?
Naw nigga, get lost, you're fucking smothering
God I wanna quit, but I can't
'Cause mother and sister can't pay the rent
Four stories with storage, I'm 21 with a mortgage
And touring's paying the bills, life is paying for thrills
Lifes' a bitch bruh but from the third floor man, she's gorgeous
A year ago I was broke, now how can I afford this?
I started off with disposables, now I have an assortment
And I'm using these negatives to develop a portrait
Now the frame is a pain in the ass to get it in
Without a scratch or stain on the glass, but that's not important
Just as long as it's printed, and I hinted it is
And when I get it I'll make sure you get a copy, bitch
Shit I'll even add a signature with the fuckin' pic-ature
I'll even tell you the film I used, and the aperture

Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Momma got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name... Too soon

Grandmother died, didn't cry not a tear
Not gonna lie, fucking weird no water dripped out the eye
But when I got the news, yup it left your boy stuck
'Cause when my mom dipped, she was the one that gave me a fuck
Mom calling and calling, I'm on my way to a show
I answer, she crying, saying Sadie is dying
The doc said she only had a week for us to speak
Before she deceased, cause cancer was just eating her cheeks up
Fuck, nah this is really awkward for me, bruh
I hang the phone up, and adjust my seat back
And started to think, like, "What the fuck just happened?"
I never had a death and I just seen her a week ago
Meet them at the hospital I should
In between the set of BADBADNOTGOOD
Lionel asked what happened I said it's bad bad, not good
Just take me to the Cedars-Sinai off of Oakwood
Getting there, family sitting center chair
Awkward in the lobby, it was floating in the thinning air
Getting there, need a sticker saying how I got in there, there's a room
Open up the curtain, she's just sitting there, hello
Our conversation's brief, couldn't even make eye contact when we speak
Lookin' at her you could tell all she had was weak
And I'm not talkin' days bruh, I'm talkin' 'bout her strength
I sat there 20 minutes tops, hoping it was just a fucking plea that she could cop
She died that night

Dr. TC: Oh, that's heavy man, I'm sorry for your loss
Tyler: Yeah, whatever, don't worry about it...
Dr. TC: Last time I seen Sammy, he was lookin' for you
Tyler: Fuck that nigga Samuel
Dr. TC: Uhh, have you seen him?
Tyler: Nah, but if I seen that nigga I woulda killed him
My mother warned me that some niggas ain't my right hand
To trust her, only my heart and that elder white man
His name is Clancy, I fancy him, gotta give him props
He half the reason why dealerships even let me cop
So now I'm speedin' and tryna drive away from the fact
That she was right, so I triple left, tryna double back
The streets are filled with some clues
Like how I ain't notice that? (How I ain't see that?)
Fuck it, I seen some familiar stuck in the cul-de-sac
I pull up, get out, what up? I wanna help
But what you want for some, some niggas
Really don't want for themself
Now do I stay? Do I go? That's my dilemma
And traffic is picking up, if I don't leave I'ma get stuck (skrrt)
So I speed off, we talk barely and it seems awkward
And I heard through some words that you're off it
I got too much drive, don't wanna steer off path
And crash and get distracted
But I listen to that weather man 'cause it might rain
Keep my windshield wipers prepared
Cause y'all throw so much shade
And I got jacket in trunk, but that's in the front
I also got power for both of us if you're ever in need of jump
Just let me know, my nigga

I had to switch gears on 'em
Fishtail in the rearview mirror on 'em (Skrrrrrt!)
I had to switch gears on 'em
You know, swerve, left turn, steerin' wheel on 'em
Nigga that's a pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Look out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole

Snakes in the grass, but I walk
I got some new boots, on the back it says GOLF
So I be prepared for their bites, they're all talk
I left the condom in the grass so fuck off
Watchin' Clarence in a mansion with nobody in it
Young successful nigga, ride McLaren with no windows tinted
I drive by piggies when I'm in it 'cause it feels amazin'
The irony is I stopped eatin' bacon
Don't get it twisted, nigga, I'm still hungry, oh he lonely
All my friends talk about their hoes and tenderonies
But all I can show 'em is a couple cars and more things
That I've made in the couple past month, he's on, please
Everyone is a sheep, me, a lone wolf
Nobody gon' make a peep 'cause everyone wants some wool
Since everyone is a sheep, not everyone here is cool
Man I'd rather drown in a pool by myself
Than fuck with their fleece
See, man, T-Man fans be seesaw
Wind blows, they go, which way, who knows?
One day, "Fuck no," the next day, "Okay"
But fuck y'all, I know that T is four for four
I just want that garden and that Batmobile
Good health, success, time on earth worthwhile
Find somebody who love me and raise a couple of lizards
But my vehicle's good for now, that's in a couple of miles
Now keep it pushin', nigga

I had to switch gears on 'em
Fishtail in the rearview mirror on 'em (Skrrrrrt!)
I had to switch gears on 'em
You know, swerve, left turn, steerin' wheel on 'em
Nigga that's a pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Look out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole
Watch out for the pothole, watch out for the pothole

Fuck, okay, next one
Do-do-do-do-do-do
Gotta watch out for the potholes
Ooh, said watch out for the potholes
Haha
(Yeah... You feel alright?)

God, goodness gracious
I can't wait to see the look on y'all niggas faces
That boy T nuts, surprised his thoughts isn't chafing
Fuck them crackers up at Mountain Dew them niggas is racist
Cabbage was made, critic faggots was shook
So I told 'em that I'll exchange the word "faggot" with "book"
And all them "books" is pissed off and had their page in a bunch
Fuckin' attitude switched just like a "book" when it struts
But, I'm a fraud I pray to God when the six triple "book" bashin'
While me and my favorite author's lips tickle
Peter Parker pick a pack of peppers when the plot thickens
Tyler, The Creator fuckin' kill you with a popsicle
Cold blooded so we rock mittens so they won't find him
Not kiddin' keep the Tommy on me bitch, I'm Ms. Pickles
Said I seem off, last time that team talked
Sick of making niggas cabbage so I took the 'preme off
Should've bought some stock in it
(Yo it's fucked up, I get it, put a sock in it)
Not Golf when the little homies don't, wait,let's weigh my options
I bought me a mansion, and bought some attention
Ain't give none to Hopsin,and dear Boyce Watkins
Why you mad? It's the slave in me
It's facts boy I'm back like Rosa Parks least favorite seat
Videos, stage dives, popups, they watching T'
While y'all niggas watchin' the throne, the throne be watching me

If you fuck this up
There are so many fuckin' kids right now, listenin' to this guy
Get those wings flapping motherfucker!
Cause this kid's ready to fucking fly

Eenie, meenie, miney, mo, nigga nigga on the wall
Rap bars, jail bars, die or shoot a basketball
Tyler, the dark skin, arrested in Austin
Cops know who I was cause their kid said the show was Awesome

Tyler, Tyler, I swear to, I swear to fuck! If you fucking...
Do NOT fuck this up!
You have the whole world in your fucking hands

How many leaders in the house?
Well can somebody bring the mirrors out? I'm getting lonely
Likes and apologies and snaps make it obvious
That everybody on this fucking planet lackin' confidence
How many leaders in the house? (Do not fuck this up!)
Well can somebody bring the camera out so I can film me
T a great director nigga's vision must be blurry
Boy I get them epic shots like jaywalkin' in Missouri
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
Well can't somebody bring my album out so I can hear one
Pour me a drink, shit I don't know what to think
Cause all these niggas leaning like they Forest Whitaker's blink
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
See why nobody got they hands up, see that's the issue
Um, excuse me mister but can you please turn down the lights?
I don't really like all these cameras, man
And this shit just don't feel right
And I don't really wanna be rude to you, sir
But fuck you mean I can't wear my hat in here?
And you got me fucked up, if you think I care, nigga

I hope you little niggas is listening
Them Golf Boys is in this bitch like an infant
The blind niggas used to make fun of my vision
And now I pay a mortage and they stuck with tuition
So special the teacher asked if I was autistic
And now I'm making plates, you just washing the dishes
So if you don't mind, get the fuck out of my kitchen
But keep your ego here so I can butt fuck your opinion
But in the meantime brainwashing millions of minions
Leader of the new school? (Ha, I'm in my own school)
And you would never catch me in none of their fucking shin-digs
I hope you fucking niggas is angry, pissed, and offended
In Search of... did more for me than Illmatic
That's when I realized we ain't cut from the same fabric
I made my own shit, you went out and bought yours
Man I got too much drive, motherfucker, I hate traffic
La-di-da-di, I'm going harder than coming out the closet to conservative Christian fathers
When it's a lot at stake carne asada let's be honest, I'm really morphing
Named the album Cherry Bomb because Greatest Hits sounded boring
I don't like to follow the rules, she said that I must
I don't have any armpits
She wanted to talk who's in charge of this Golf shit
I said "Howdy do? How are you? I'm the sergeant"
And who I are isn't really important
My heart is as dark as a window with car tint
So hop in with your friends, gal and I'll unpark it
And I'll do donuts until the fat one is carsick
It's young T

I don't like to follow the rules
And that's just who I am
I hope you understand
And I don't really think y'all cool
So give yourself a hand
No, no, give yourself a hand
Better pose for that camera
Better pose, boy you better pose
And it's your life nigga I suppose
For the lights, for the camera, and the action
Now you're face is meltin' from the flash of the big ol' lights
Nigga you ask for this life

Welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Kissing on my bean bag
Your lips high-five my tongue
Fingers moonwalk through your hair
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
This is fun I can tell
I don't know if you'll handle it well
Welcome to hell camp
(Lights, and the camera, and the action)
You should be mine in a way tonight
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
I like my girls skinny with brains
I like my hoodies fucked with Lame
I like my friends imaginary with no names
And I make music for the fuck of it, no fame
Aim, shoot, the gun of love, round
Tried to find ammo but it's none around town
So I went Down South but I ended up North
Uptown sitting on Cloud 9's white porch
And of course, my car's off course
You're so white, my blinkers don't work
I'm trying to let the force be with you, I get you
Music is my first, but I contemplate divorce
You make a nigga sing songs nice
You make a nigga's night turn day
And you make the flowers sing say turn green yellow
It sucks that I didn't get the chance to say hello
I want to eat you out like jello
And mess with your body like the bass and the cello
And tell your mom I said hello, you want to go to prom? (Nigga hell no)
Fuck (Shit) and another one, there goes another one

Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
And maybe Cupid won't miss
Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
And maybe Cupid won't miss

Maybe? (No)
Maybe? (I'm sorry)
Maybe? (I got a date)
Maybe? (Where's your dad?)

I like her L-I-K-E, the only difference is she won't fuck with me
But she will fuck with that vegetable with the hairs full of X's and O's
I want to tie her body up and throw her in my basement
Keep her there, so nobody can wonder where her face went
- Tyler, what you doing?
- Shut the fuck up!
- Uh-umm..
- You gon' fuckin' love me bitch
- Uhh..
- Or I'mma fuckin' put this gun in your fuckin' head
But all I really want is a kiss on the cheek
In private, not public in the streets
And your cupcake how we eat and your toes
Cause I got a big fetish with the feet
I just want somebody I can see
You can be a gold digger, you ain't got to love me
I'm serious (I love you) I don't ask for much
Your heart literally is what I do want for lunch
Now this shit is turning to a habit
I'm the burger king, I gotta have it my way
And truthfully girl you really make my day
I would probably kill myself if you told me you was gay
And I can't even look the other way
Your aura is a magnet, my eyes a metal bag, it's attractive
L-O-L laughing, you're a gold Oscar and I'm just actin'
And I want your cinema hole, and have our kids play supporting role
Climbing up the pole, Jack and the Beanstalk, bitch it's gold
And I was in loath, I would never get over you, ever, Sarah

Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
And maybe Cupid won't miss
Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
And maybe Cupid won't miss

Half your body laying on my chest
The rest is in my stomach, that's including your breast
And I'ma just take another guess
Now you probably wishing that you would have said yes
Am I crazy? Maybe, but fucked up is how I been lately
Shit, I don't give a fuck, your family looking for you, wish 'em good luck
Bitch, you tried to play me like a dummy
Now you stuck up in my mothafuckin' basement all bloody
And I'm fucking your dead body, your coochie all cummy
Looking in your dead eyes, what the fuck you want from me?
What did you want from me? What did you want from me?
Part 1 - THE BROWN STAINS OF DARKEESE LATIFAH PART 6-12 (Remix)

Oh, you the motherfucking man, huh?
Oh, you be fucking bitches, counting all the bands, huh?
Oh, you be trapping out the bando selling grams, huh?
Oh, you be smoking, drinking lean, and popping Xans, huh?
You see, that's the bullshit that I don't need
I'm telling y'all niggas, y'all ain't fucking with me
See, I look in the mirror and he said, "You are the man"
And I said, "Hey man, I agree"
Rocks on rainbow, Ben's a nice fellow
Your neck reflects your personality, and mine is yellow
Boy, I hit the block, like I hate Legos
They know, they got thirty seconds; Jared Leto
Before they see some halos, and I reload the ammo
Boy, it's Golf Wang-o, and that's the squad I bang-o
Until my fucking brain go, now let's reload the aim-o

Can't a nigga get some fucking chaos in hurr?
I'm the truth and the dare
And you can get your ass beat like a kick and a snare
ScHoolboy's my niggy, you know I'm good in the 50s
That boy's not that bad, enh, it's no Biggie
It's the G-O, the L-F, we go-go, no homo
We black out, and go hard like JoJo and fuckin' Diggy
No ship in this series, since I pissed off Iggy man
We been that man since Batman had a sidekick
Catch me in some Vans like one of them soccer mamas
And them bitches blue like that family went to the Dodgers
Solve 'em (Oh no!) You can't bitch, I'm a problem
And you'll get fucked up like the thoughts inside of my noggin
Going harder than the quidditch in Harry Potter
All my shows got one black in it like Larry David
And I'm that nigga, meaning I'm two niggas, I'm schizo
Brent Lowe, my motherfucking bingo
Pink and yellow on my neck remind you of my dickhole
And I don't really fuck with you niggas, shout out to Jim Crow
Don't get offended, love being darkskinned
23 with the crib and I don't got no tenants
And I don't like sports, but the court got a tennis
Is that diamonds on your neck? Stay the fuck out my business
See, that's that Cherry Bomb, get my burr on
That's McLaren, '91 out the Chevron
Motors Flog Gnaw, Vans on, fuck your Jordans
Went from throwing up to throwing carnivals
Boy, I'm a sicko, flaco nigga, but kinda macho
Boy, I got some vatos and shout out to ScHooly, he kinda loco
Pack a de la pistol, we splitting nachos, then for that cheese
Boy, he was using some shells just like a taco, so grab your goggles
Nigga, Taco Tuesday, you don't want none of that
Have you heard of Fairfax? Boy, we was running that
Nigga took the store from us, yeah, fuck all of that
(Man, he really took the store)

Crack a cracker with a barrel, uh (yeah)
Gang bang tattoos, this ain't a Louis rag (rag)
Orange Paisley got me crip crazy (uh, sup cuz?)
Pants heavy, sag to the left with the belt strapped
No face mask, nigga, just toe tags
Still the blunts getting passed, yeah
Ain't worried 'bout no niggas (nigga)
Grieve over suckers (sucker)
Gunpowder on my knuckles (knuckle)
Call the ambulances (ambulances)
I'm from the era of crip walking
You was clown-dancing, you wanna be me, huh?
Cuz is wack in his raps and what he rap, he ain't done
Top Dawg, Wolf Gang, smell the cat on your tongue
Pussy boy, you fucked over, nigga, control your gums
Teeth missing, moms' won't recognize your face when it's lump
My square homie's license, double life in my trunk
Mind, power, body, and soul, we break handcuffs
Got a strike on my record, double cups, and duck
You want the life like us, you need to crip that coast
You want to steer that wheel, you want to smoke that kil'
Well, who am I?
Part 2 - SPECIAL (Hidden track, physical only)

Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker
Anything that'll piss you muthafuckas off
I don't even smoke and I'm a level up of all of y'all
Bitch, you couldn't reach me with a ladder and a calling card

I'm special, nigga
Who the fuck are you?!
I'm special, nigga

They used to tell me to calm down, said I have a problem
Now I'm runnin' shit, that's why you never see me wearin' joggers
Lead by example, how?
All y'all is my son and I ain't never had a fuckin' father
Boy, I'mma bring the noise
I got my own beat and we all got drums
What these weapons about? We're just flexin' about
You on your grind who the one that got the wep at their house?
Bitch, I do this on purpose, you niggas don't got a purpose
This nigga call me a clown, nigga I own the circus
Stack is sittin' in my pocket folded up like a papaya
You know I golf bitch like I been sleepin' with Tiger
Woody woody, my mob, mob is goodie we Oddkast
We o-K-K-K just like the clan
Hoodie golf shit packet, rip it out the fuckin' package
In that all pink fit lookin' like a fuckin' faggot
Who the fuck you think you fuckin' with, nigga!?
I'm a bad case of I don't even know
I'm about to tear the shit out this goddamn house
I think I'm about to blow my muthafuckin' brains out
Tyler, take a chill pill, nigga
I don't fucking like this shit, fuck
Ah!

Tall ugly nigga with lips bigger than Tigger
Only blue print on these Vans like I don't listen to Jigger, (Uhh)
Cotton-picking nigga, Golf Wang season sicker than the block
Colette and skateshops, where wolves deal 'em (Uhh)
Workshop is awesome, ask Dill and let's pretend like
I'm not making dollar Bill Withers on these fucking stickers (Uhm)
Pulling down my zipper and she quick to say she doesn't suck
Bitch, cut the crap like dyke booty when they scissor, (Uhh)
Pink haired Mrs., I'm her mister, sipping Slurpees, bag of chips
Now show your tits for mister Fuji, take a picture (Uhh)
OF is popping like a blister, need some Listerine
Spitting got us balling like we Mr. Clean's sister, (Uhh)
Sick of being black, sipping paint thinner out a tin flask
Plotting on the babysitter before dinner
And hopefully I get her, if I don't, fuck it then
See I never simp son, polar opposite of Smithers, I'm done bitch

Until the ozone leaves and the Earth is hot
Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot
The moon now working and the stars align
I stay golden, y'all thought I was out my mind
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Yeah
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Ah man
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Ah man
(Yeah) Yeah

(Somebody told me...) I had a decline in the buzz
Not a shocker bruh, I had the stun gun in my bum
And when I drop shit you better have a towel and a sponge
And ask Bob bitch, I eat a ton bucket of chum
In Bikini Bottom, I am the biggest problem
This shit fishy niggas dip like we were set in Harlem
Heaters turn them into nuggets like Carmelo Anthony
We just sit and burn shit just like my fucking anthem

I'm like goals, those are something you have to stand to reach
My campaign speech elect me Commander in Chief
Respect to whoever's minor appearances cause mass hysteria
But I'm still incomparable, I'm like the face of America
I'm the ambassador from a land made of gold
I'm a fucking centerfold, I'm something to behold
I can kill a hundred shows, take one for the road
I'm results of putting persistent pressure on coals

Until the ozone leaves and the Earth is hot
Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot
The moon now working and the stars align
I stay golden, y'all thought I was out my mind
Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot
Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot
Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot

It's a dog eat dog world, don't get bit bruh
A son of a bitch I am, yup, I'm a sick pup
(I thought that you were nice) Yeah, I am, slut
I'm also half ass a racist who hates niggas – yep, I'm a mixed mutt
Preme is the top bunk, green is the pillow case
Golf is the bedsheets, (hat and my T-shirt)
TrashWang sticker on that Chima Fergolfson
I'm real with the box, and I murder with the pen
It's Bimmer Boy's, boy; never swerving in the Benz
I'm listening to Dead Sam demos on the ten
Can I get a medium with cheese and bacon?

It's Loiter Squad nigga...
Fucking Loiter Squad...
(That shit was fucking crazy)
Yeah
(Damn)

Yo, Wolf, nigga
What? Why are you running?
Sam's after you
Sam's after who?
You!
For what? What the fuck?
He found out that you and Salem been hanging out, he said he gonna kill you
Kill me? What the fuck you mean kill me?
You got a booger in your nose
What the, wait, slow down, wait, slow down, what the fuck you mean he gonna kill me?
I don't know, he just said he gonna kill you
Not if I get to him first
Hello, I'm a salesman sorta giant
I sell molly and mary and other various items
One time one guy came to where I'm residing
And I didn't invite him, so instead tried to fight him
I got violent, long story short he's not breathing
For some reason I liked it and it was really exciting
Couldn't stop the addiction, and the irony is
A couple junkies went missing and I know right where they're hiding

Dope in the bag, pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, Pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, Pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high

Task force poured into my fortress
Found some lipstick, a couple corpses
Bitches was harmed and they couldn't reach the alarm
I'm ripping sockets out like I had fucking problems with arms
They found a couple portraits on the porch
But they don't check up under the floor
It's bodies and hotties and we was raging I'm gauging a shotty
Hit so many bitches I was pimping like Scotty
I'm a bull, red, piss me off
Like that lipstick position when she kissed me
So I bit 'em off, they was too soft, I'm a Wolf
And a designer mixing skin cotton leather and wool
And most people like flying kites, riding bikes in the woods
Baking cake cause its good, I mean I would if I could
But I like playing dress up and mix match
Sorry I'mma 'fess up, you aren't getting your kids back

Dope in the bag, pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna get high
Dope in the bag, Pretty bitch on the side
I sell dope in the back, if you tryna die

What's in my trunk? White, girl
What's in my trunk? White, girl
You need a warrant, officer

You could say I kill 'em, if my product doesn't
Couple basement stairs where I drug them, down
It's pretty disgusting, finger crush your face
I'll leave you permanently blushing, blood
Nosebleed drugs, cook you in the oven
Drums
Uh, Jesus, heheh

Nigga this is my cup
Drink the cyanide up
Dope as fuck
So I would really shoot a group of guys up
Deep thought I'm often lost in (Fuck it)
Put me next to awesome
Still can't tell the difference
Just like Asians with their eyes shut
Butt fuck a couple Rots
In the Wendy's parking lot
Barking at the sight of light from my bright sparkling
Cock-a-doodle
Eatin' toaster strudel
At a nude beach in Rome
In a black Bape spaghetti strap made of Ramen noodles
My bitch is bad
Mixed with a thicky ass
Get my dicky rocky
This will end up in a sticky blast
Chrissy Brown, mask on my face, now I'm kicking ass
Life's a bitch, fuck college, mommy, I am ditching class
I rather be happy than fucking forty
So fuck the teacher's lecture I'm having Sydney record me
For the 2Dope– (They didn't like it)
Oh well
Let's get XXL to write us a fucking story

It's sitting right in my lap, I see it
Scribbled across the lines, I read it
I'm the fucking poet who knows it
You know it, you bogus
Comprehend the language
You scared of war? I'm all anxious
We got the Angus if you want beef
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Slice the onions)
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Put on the cheese)
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Where's the barbeque sauce?)
Now have that burger, eat it fast nigga

Fucking aw, get you some
Obviously intended pun
Same time it took Jason Dill to get the stitching done
Custom made, one of one
Sold out Roxy performance
Ski mask color of a pickle just to perform Sandwitches
Started back in fucking London
Cracker children wanted something
They could bump and punch a bunch of fucking faces
(Stomp 'em out)
Moshing pits to breaking arms
Zombie Circus not a carn–
Evil wolves is on the farm
And were all evil harmed
Any sheep creep
Quiet tendered sleep
Make a peep
Fucking body will go missing in a week
Roam around the city with her titties like a fucking greek
God
Bastard was the shit, explains why it never leaked
I am coming of my age with my Memphis Bleek
Shooting from the sky, the only problem is the missing beak
(Once I have my wings and my motherfucking chain)
Oh, that's the black talking in me
Let me down a couple cups of bleach

It's sitting right in my lap, I see it
Scribbled across the lines, I read it
I'm the fucking poet who knows it
You know it, you bogus
Comprehend the language
You scared of war? I'm all anxious
We got the Angus if you want beef
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Slice the onions)
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Put on the cheese)
Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga
(Where's the barbeque sauce?)
Now have that burger, eat it fast nigga

Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree lick a couple pimple covered clits
From some stripping lesbian dykes that fight niggas
That like to rap about those dykes that fight niggas
Alright
Enough with this shit, let's talk business
Acquire more currency, disregard bitches
Go to Shake's house and play Goblin in his kitchen
Then force him and his mom to listen to track six, then
If he doesn't like it I'll just slice his fucking dick and
Put it in the cabinet where the fucking cookies and chips is
Take a bunch of pictures, and
Post 'em on my Twitter, then
Go to Jimmy Fallon, like "Faggot, when we perfomin'?"
Then a bunch of Golf Wang niggas start stormin'
On the stage
In a rage that will scare Zack Rocha
Better get ya tanks before this wolf war's over
History repeats itself, I'm a O.F. soldier
I can grab the fireworks, and soda, all the cookies we can eat
Make you nauseous, but be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek
We could sneak away, fuck it, you can bring an eighth
I'm not gon' smoke, but I'm just asking baby; сould you meet me by the lake?
Said bring a towel, well baby meet me by the lake
Bathing suit, it's going down, shit just meet me by the lake
We could count the shooting stars, well could you meet me by the lake?
Summer never has to end with me

I'm give it to her, she wants that summer time
I'm give it like no other cause she knows I'm hers
Damn right she's mine, we both know it
So when we separate everything fine, her phone ringin' in her purse
Damn right it's me, I'm her nigga, nigga
Come for mines in summer time, I'ma bust that trigger, nigga
Catch us Venice beachin', she wanna go shopping
Sun down after club cause she like to get it popping
Sangria on my freedmind, cause she likes to get it popping
No ecstasy for her, but she wanna get it popping
Drop topping, I measure her pleasure
Then drop in, when she get out of place I quantinize
She is my concubine, I am her porcupine
I poke her face her throat for taste, give me head like I'm on her mind
I know her analyzation, so when she try to fake
Summer time in the boat of love, meet me by the lake

I can grab the fireworks, and soda, all the cookies we could eat
Make you nauseous, but be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek
We could sneak away, fuck it, you could bring an eighth
I'm not gon' smoke, but I'm just asking baby; сould you meet me by the lake?
Said bring a towel, well baby meet me by the lake
Bathing suit, it's going down, shit just meet me by the lake
We could count the shooting stars, well could you meet me by the lake?
Summer never has to end with me

I packed a couple sandwiches inside that basket
And brought some extra towels if anyone was asking
We should take a dip in that lake quick and then split
Then do something that's beyond what we both can imagine

Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, grab a drink
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, look in the sky
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, we never have to leave
Watch the sunset (There goes the rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (We can stay here)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (All night long)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (There goes the rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (Look)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (Let's go to sleep)
We're here, all night, school is in session
Look, you know, the water's pretty deep, let's go to sleep
Dr. TC: So, do you party?
Tyler, the Creator: Nah, I just do ignorant hoodrat shit with me and my niggas in the fucking mall, Odd Future Wolf Gang
(Drop it)

Niggas at the fucking mall, niggas where my fucking drawers?
Think I'm happy? Think I'm sad? Bitch you fucking know my dad
He wears his pants up in his ass, touch his ass, grab his dick
You's a fag, you like that shit, O.F. is the fucking clique
I'm going off the top of the brain
Nigga don't know how to rap but I'm in the game
Fuck that shit, I don't give a fuck
I'm back up in the fucking club, niggas know I'm at the mall
Eating chips with my drawers, how you doing? How you fall?

Swag, swag, swag, swag
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Tina perm your fucking weave
Tina perm your fucking weave
Tina perm your fucking weave
Tina perm your fucking weave

Eat my ass, lick my balls
Bitch I'm in the fucking mall, with my niggas eating ham (Mmmm)
Bitch I got that fucking swag, you don't know my fucking dad
I don't know my fucking dad, what is this a fucking purse?
I ain't fucking Mexican, but we can have sex again
With your sister with no rubber (Alexis' real name is Alex)
What the fuck? That's your fucking brother? I ain't with that jerkin' shit
Unless it's Steve Harvey's buff sister trying to jerk my dick

Swag, swag, swag, swag
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Tina perm your fucking weave
Tina perm your fucking weave
Tina perm your fucking weave
Tina perm your fucking weave

All: Swag, swag, swag
Taco: Swag, SWAG, SWAG, SWAG
Tyler, the Creator: Oh no, oh no, oh no
Swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, swag

I'm with your girlfriend eating chips
Mmmmm, stop the beat, bitch
Uh, oh, oh, shit, fuck, mmmm, mmmm
Wait, stop the beat
Alright, yeah, nigga, I was in the mall
With my niggas busting triggers, yeah, swag


Bitches, hoes, weaves, leather jackets (Nigga don't know)
Bitches, weaves, hoes, leather jackets
Bitches, weaves, hoes, swag (I'ma kill you and that fucking baby, bitch)
If this was a game, I already know that I would come out winner
And I'm not bragging, I'ma be in her
But this bitch really think that I'm 'bout to buy her dinner
My steak good, I got a good cut like Splinter
Juicy and hot, such a black bitch temper
Now she wanna talk and chop it up like a blender
But I don't give a fuck and or even listen like Schindler
She's cute but her forehead's big
Got stretch marks like she got four kids
Her legs can't close like the four door hinge Bronco
That O.J. killed the white whores with
A wealthy white girl without the facelift
Lure her with expensive dinners and a nice bracelet
Leave the bitch breathless, what the bitch don't know is that
I'm a mothafuckin' sellout and a rapist

Baby, you're an angel
How about we turn this into a fable of some sort?
You already know you're dead
Ironic cause your lipstick's red, of course
I stuff you in the trunk, drunk
Cause all I really wanna do is fuck and snort blow

If this was a game, I would be considered a mothafuckin' legend
And I ain't trying to gas you like Chevron
But I'm high as fuck bitch, you really need to get on my leverage
Now we're in the cabin, in the middle of (uhh)
Trying to find ways to really stuff you in my cabinet
Dreamy little bastard, I done ran outta' luck so now
It's time for a bloody foot you little rabbit
You're very attractive
And notice that my hat is always the color of cactus
And I hang with wolves cause I'm an evil bastard
Pictures of you on my wall no glue, no tape but just cum plastered
Met you at my school, departed at my house
Ended at your panties, started at your blouse
Pushed you down stairs, I took a nap up on the couch
If you wanted a date, don't come
Now you gotta make it easy for you don't run
You call this shit kids, well I call these kids cum
And you call this shit rape but I think that rape's fun
Wait, now it's about eight something
It's late and you stuck down in my base one
Come downstairs with nothing but a shoe string
Yeah bitch this date's done

Baby, you're an angel
How about we turn this into a fable of some sort?
You already know you're dead
Ironic cause your lipstick's red, of course
I stuff you in the trunk, drunk
Cause all I really wanna do is fuck and snort blow

I like my girls how I like my drugs, white
Lord, you're so pretty, lying in my arms
I just got one request, stop breathing
We can speed in my 2 seater
Girl I got a 2 seater
Speed in my 2 seater
In my 2 seater

About a hundred on Fax and it's easy to stop
You see my shit isn't stock
I used to piss in a pot and now I piss on the walls
Since I pissed off a cop, a couple tickets I have copped
But I can pay for them all
And by the model of my vehicle you know that I ball
E92, but '91 the year that Tyler was spawned
And If I crash in the woods like I'ma follow with this
Tiptronic stick or automatic you pick
Shit is static as shit, sure my shit is a M
Might get that X6 end, don't follow exit him
Might take a back street hidden
House got all sports cars like his garage is gym
Two sapphires on him neck next his precious gems
Now AMG it's in boy I will eat him Benz
New engine, you got that old shit with those deep rims
You got a warranty don't care if you scratchin rims again

We can speed in my 2 seater
Girl I got a 2 seater
Speed in my 2 seater
In my 2 seater

Sit in my passenger seat
You tell me I got too much speed
And I should slow, I should slow down
But I can't, cause you drive me wild
Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
Sometimes it's too much
And you can feel the wind in my heart
Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
Sometimes it's too much

I know some dudes that would find you that carry rugers
And shottas, and fucking shoot at your Honda
Then fucking zoom out in Mazdas
Them GOLF boys is bad for you like the food from McDonalds
Boy, I'm a king and I ain't lyin', boy, hakuna matata
Better watch for them hyenas if you flex then they swarm
Cashing so many checks there calling him Tyler O-Comma
I'm tryna ball like I was Domo O'Connor in '09
Probably September...
Boy I'm just rhyming these syllables, suck my genitals
Album cover looking like the mascot of the timberwolves
Skate park at Pemberton
Hoping that I ditched the chords and go pick up the pen again
Cause I kill the dark shit like I'm motherfucking Zimmerman
Turn around and lose pounds like I'm fucking Timbaland
By pounds, I mean in (beep)
Give it till he cop brick like a wall with pig in it
And money coming out the blue
Like cops are changing fits or shit I'm killin' it

Back when Left Brain had the hightop fade
And we would go skate on them concrete waves
And now I switch gears to hear the cylinders pump
The beat thump, don't get it twisted boy my board's in the trunk (Skate!)

Can you roll my window up?
The fuck you turn my music down for, man?
Can you roll my window up?
Why? Damn!
Cause it's windy!
But I love it when your hair...

Blows, when it blows, when it blows
When your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows, when it blows, when it blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows, when it blows, when your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrting on these niggas
Skrting on these bitches
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrting on these niggas
Skrting on these bitches

You can say you don't want to take that drive
But your hair, it blows
I know we'll have a good time
You just gotta stop being scared
Just roll
Just come and roll with me
It's all good

Yeah, man,what's good man, you good? I've been chilling, man. I've been doing some push-ups and shit
For real?
50 a day...Oh w-w-wait...is that that nigga Tyler?
I think so
Bitch ass nigga here he comes, man FUCK this nigga, man, this nigga stink... w-wait be quiet, be quiet
Ight
My nigga, T, man, what's good, man, you good? Alright, I see you!
I'm good, man, I'm good, I'm good
Ay, man, I see you with your little girl sh-she looks...okay. Alright, ya'll good, man, alright! Ay, your feature don't start for another 20 minutes, so you can go get your shit up, I can go and get some shit... and I see you with your little jewels and shit too, man!
Aw thanks, man, I'm trying, man, I'm just trying
Yeah, let me know if you need anything...I got you...just...you know...yeah
Alright um...yeah we'll probably walk around and come back when the movie starts whenever
Ight, man, I'mma see you
Ight, my nigga...ight
Erroll:
Fucking FAGGOT, man, I swear to GOD
Yeah
This nigga bitch weak too!
Yeah, she is
God dammit! I'd still fuck!
You wanna hear the new song we just did? It's not finished but... yeah

I wanna go
I wanna go
Baby, let's go
To my treehome (To my treehome)
Treehome

Special
So let's go
Let's go oh-oh
Oh, let's go
I wanna go
Mmm
Treehome
Bridge!

Colorful you are
Yeah, that won't stop
You're my favorite crayon in the box
Let's think outside the lines
Come to my treehouse, yeah let’s escape
Then let me go, head first in your lake
From what I heard, it's great
It's great
There's a party

Tuesday is good news day
Not usually a full tray
Can you pack your PJs?
There's a party
Come into my treehome
Boy, you must be special
I'm special, baby
No one ever comes here

Tuesday is good news day
Not usually a food tray
Boy, you must be special
Come into my treehome
Boy, you must be (Let's go to my tree house baby)
Let's just escape
Let's go to my tree house baby
Special
Lets just escape
You and me
Oh, he's special
Let's just escape
Will you come into my tree house?